SamCo - Lots of hosts use free domains from freenom, after a while (1 or 2 months) they change your domain to Porn and earn ad revenue from it, even google says its fraud as shown below - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-26/1601157369-522954-eed48caa-b25d-4ea3-b885-3df232c4d4c7.jpeg
Jen - SamCo Freenom Runs on google Domains
Not Sure how Google Domain Resellers are Fraud
They are also a legit company,
Jen - SamCo Also holovpn.net is my Domain
Its a freenom Domain
So yeah
SamCo - Well my freenom domains got changed to porn after 2 months of owning them
Jen - @SamCo That doesn't magically happen, Especially cause Freenom uses WHMCS
And a Google Domains Module
Hmmm
Neon - SamCo Ive had domains on Freenom for over 5 months and nothing has happened...
Emericion - I don't see evidence but it maybe? Quora is also a discussion site so I am not sure how.
Ash - From their Terms &amp; Conditions as of December 2014:

8.2. Modifications to FREE DOMAIN.

By accepting this Agreement, you hereby acknowledge and agree that we, in our sole discretion, may modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service at any part thereof, at any time with or without prior notice, including, without limitation, modification or discontinuance of advertising, content and applications appearing as part of FREE DOMAIN. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of FREE DOMAIN or any part thereof.
Ash - credits to random guy qura
Iceey - Please provide evidence.
eraters - it's free..
ressonix - eraters Exactly. It's like these people expect Freenom to let them keep their free domains forever. They have to make money somehow, and if another site offers them money for a domain they are giving to someone else for free, why wouldn't that take that offer? It's clearly outlined in their TOS, and even further, after you register a free domain you can search it again on Freenom and see that they are clearly taking offers for it.

If you were paying them for the domain, it would be a different story, but there's always a catch when it comes to free services. No one should expect less. They own and operate the TLDs independently so they are free to do business the way they want.

Just get a paid TLD for crying out loud, those are super cheap nowadays.
eraters - @Sloth can we take this down? he's complaining about free domains..
