Deleted User - My Journey in mehost
Ok basically lets get to it.Me and Dchu knew each other from another host called G-Host which got raided. then Dchu asked me to join MeHost.Upon joining dchu gave me the highest role * basically its a “owner” like role and since it was late i went to sleep.I wake up to see that i was demoted to management dept but i didnt really think much of it maybe dchu was just rearranging roles i thought then later dchu dmed me and said that some people said that i should not be part of the management in mehost when i asked who i get to know that its from someone called Sid he was the dev of a bot named jericho and Dchu for this one reason made him “owner” for a partnership showing that he does not value security and just for a partnership made him owner anyways next after hearing this i confronted sid he said i was trying to steal his bot and that no one trusts me.well hesring this i asked staff and no one really said anything.afterwards i do admit to pinging everyone in announcements to ask if there was anythign wrong with me being management and yes i do admit this was unproffesional of me so i afterwards went outside when i come back i see that im banned and that dchu blocked me with no info what so ever on what happened and i got to know of what happened from a friend of mine anyways i still wanted to help mehost so i suggested a smp with a large playerbase which needed a host so they eventually ended up partnering then a few days later i get a dm from Dchu saying mehost got raided feeling bad i offered help to stop mehost from closing down again and to what ik i was made owner so basically i had planned a complete remodel to prices,marketing,financing,partnerships and all afterwards i pinged all the owners to hold a “meeting” but none of them responded then i noticed someone named jesse was the management dep - note jesse is a complete ammature when it comes to Linux,hosting,financing and such so when i noticed this i dmed her and asked her how she was management dept just 1 min later i got banned and dchu dmed me saying he had recieved reports about me and he himself admitted its because of jesse anyways as i said that this was stupid and all i did was dm jesse and asked how he got management dep afterwhich he said he banned me for pinging owners for “no reason”.Anyways i was banned for a day and was unbanned again.This time i was made management dep this time i tried to do my job without being banned again i went to dchu and told him how the prices are unsustainable and that they could not get us profit.And that due to Free nitro from epic games many people collected their boost plans which were absurd and like 80% of server resources were used for boost plans.So i thought since he didnt want to listen to my advice ill leave him be.Then i decided to work on a theme for mehost so a admin called cactus made me a acc without SPA(note this).And due to me not knowing the pass reset link was sent to my email i could not even login to my acc.Anyways i wake up the next day to see im demoted to member when i asked what happened a owner called neil said that i had abused my spa and had deleted a users server(suprising how i was the one being accused after i dmed neil about something) anyways he proceeded to send me a screenshot with my acc as admin.Then i told dchu to check panel logs and check for the ip from neils acc and “my” acc if they were the same we would know if it was neil trying to frame me.Neil knowing he couldnt win started accusing me of hacking his account and that he was going to leave because he kept getting accused and he left.Afterwards dchu made me management dept again and i went to sleep i then wake up to me being banned and in the group chat there is no info with just people saying i ruined mehost again and they left the group chat and dchu blocked me again with no info then i come to know from a friend that dchu had accused me of raiding mehost and running rm -rf on his nodes.And even when i tried to talk it out with dchu through my friend dchu didnt listen so knowing its a lost cause i stopped trying but then due to his false claims i was many people started accusing me of raiding and such so i had enough of it .Not only did he lose user data and got raided he could not stand to admit his own fault and went on to accuse me.SO i started a drama.gg thread to prove that i did not raid in anyway.And in the thread i managed to prove that i did not raid.And dchu admitted to accusing me without proof anyways i decide to forgive him and help mehost again,Even after all the trouble he put me through.Anyways here is the reason why The Whole management of Mehost is plan “stupid”.They had a hetzner dedicated server which had 64gb ram and 4 cores for MC hosting one of their plans was $2 for 6gb ram + swap and 5 cores and yet had the nerve to ask me why they were not making profit well thining they didnt think about it i gave them a more sustainable price point for servers.Just 2 days later i see. that the panel name has changed to ME|Dary|Ace and when i asked dchu he said he had sold a node to Dary and Ace both which are hosting companies so i asked him how much money he made he then revealed that he forgot and was too lazy to even ask for the PAYMENT!.So me and Io.netty had to confront them and we came to know that the hosts have no money to pay so we ended up revoking the node.AfterWhich dchu made a announcement saying that he was closing down mehost so i gave dchu some advice and said that closing mehost will result in more losses then gain.And that he should keep on going this happened twice
dchu096 - cmon no one will bother to read this, the world dont resolve around you.

congrats of breaking that 66%
Deleted User - yes exactly
IoNetty - Okay, i'm laughing rn. This shit is getting funny, Well anyway. Most of this will only make sense if you have been in mehost for a while, so let me get into it. About the bad finances part.. We may be in bad financial condition  but we are slowly making that money back bit by bit. We may be in debt after all, but were still running. We try to provide a great experience for our customers and everyone who uses us, and that goes with it. We aren't gonna shutdown unexpectedly due to a unpaid bill. We would alert everyone before it happens, we aren't that type of people here at mehost. Also, why is it spelled "withror" in the title? Accusing without proof? Dchu clearly sent screenshots, go read the thread back. Don't say something that isn't true to be honest. Let's get into unprofessional. All of our staff have been trained a bit and we take pride in them. If you have any issues feel free to contact me or dchu and we can get it resolved. We take pride in that type of stuff, there is competition after all. G-Host and that crap isn't involved in this. It's mehost and zach. You were always demoted for a reason, the first time was for mass pinging staff. You were almost demoted another time due to mass pinging members about a weird youtube video of all things.. What are you trying to prove with that. At this point your just trying to ruin our SEO by putting this to the top of google search results. I'll say it again. G-Host has nothing to do with this. It's just MEHost and zach. Also one thing about finances, it was no better when you were there. We try our best and we make a great service. You can't change that so easily.
IoNetty - If you think Unprofessional Staff has something to do with this, let us know. We take pride in our staff members and our support. We try our best as a hosting company and I and other people think we do a great job. We may not be perfect but we try our best at what we do.
dchu096 - Hello Zach, thanks for putting so much effort to write a long essay like this then i will respect you by actually paying attention to this:

 then Dchu asked me to join MeHost.
   
   
   Thats not true, alpha have asks me to ask you to join.
   
Upon joining dchu gave me the highest role * basically its a “owner” like role and since it was late i went to sleep
     
   If you can be a owner in G-host i turst you to be a owner in MEhost well as me and alpha have good relation.
   
 i thought then later dchu dmed me and said that some people said that i should not be part of the management in mehost when i asked who i get to know that its from someone called Sid he was the dev of a bot named jericho
     
   ok heres the fun part, at that moment mehost is still in V1 and i think that that moment we arent actually just released and having some role change is a common thing?
   
 he said i was trying to steal his bot and that no one trusts me.
 
 @SidisLiveYT ?
 
 Anyways my bot is open source even he stole my bot it doesnt matter.
 
afterwards i do admit to pinging everyone in announcements to ask if there was anythign wrong with me being management
   
 And that annoyed a heaps of people.
 
afterwards i pinged all the owners to hold a “meeting” but none of them responded
   
 You know their timezone is in india right? pinging them at like  my 4pm its their lunch time ofc no one responds.
 
And that due to Free nitro from epic games many people collected their boost plans which were absurd and like 80% of server resources were used for boost plans
   
   Well thats actually true. I have stated i have booster plans that means they can claim it/. cant just say i got booster plan but when they boost i said not doing it. Its just called lying
 
Neil knowing he couldnt win started accusing me of hacking his account and that he was going to leave because he kept getting accused and he left
   
   Then you messed up. Neil didnt leave, hes banned. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-20/1632118090-693756-3agptkjbvy.png
Deleted User - dchu096 your announcement said i made neil leave and i have a bunch more to back up my claims
Deleted User - dchu096 arent actually just released and having some role change is a common thing

Thats why i said i didnt care much and thought you were adjusting the roles
Deleted User - dchu096 asks me to ask you to join.

Alpha asked you to ask me to join anyways you ask dmed me to join which is not false
Deleted User - IoNetty neil you wouldnt understand you joined after v2 you dont know the whole story
Deleted User - IoNetty and never did i say you guys have bad service infact its very good but the point which makes it unproffesional is how bad at financing and how bad at managing the management of mehost is
Deleted User - Noone can deny it and im sure dchu knows this too
Deleted User - IoNetty "trained" pfffttt
Deleted User - Io.netty stop claiming things which you dont know you were not here during the start
Deleted User - @Robert im not looking to cause trouble can you delete this thread?
Simply - dchu096 tbh I dont know why I just fucking read that
Deleted User - you should'nt lmao
