Grabstop - Could I have your discord id?
dxqt - You don't have to talk in cap lmfao
AlphaDarky - ProtonVPN discord link
Aaron_ - Hello, I was staff at Darynodes and the co-owner does indeed push the staff members to work more and more where all of the staffs are already doing an awesome job. The owner is really chill and does the best he can. We recently launched a new node and I can confirm it has been having a ton of load since the day It became public. And as far as I'm aware we have a paid node for users who pay us.

We are also aware of the YouTube Channel thumbnail situation, others are working on it.

I have some questions for you, I would be glad if you would answer them.

1) The tags you have entered. "Illegal Activites" and "Scammers" how do they relate to us? 
2) How exactly does the owner "FORCING STAFFS TO DO WORK" matter to you?
3) Are you a paid user? When you are talking about the nodes being overloaded are you referring to the paid node?
4) Could we talk more about this on discord along with the other staffs?
Aaron_ - The fact that you created this thread and your account on drama.gg 3 hours ago gets me a little suspicious...
AlphaDarky - no proof? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-23/1632416767-959910-image.png
Aaron_ - Did they just delete everything? Great.
AlphaDarky - @Sloth close?
eraters - oh no! staff have to work!
Shershah - very high price. 🤣 
 • Per Ram - $4.06
• Cpu 25% - $1
• 1Gb SSD - $0.20
Shershah - Prices are only till 17$.
Shershah - discord.gg/darynodes
ProtonVPN - Fakeee
IoNetty - This is braindead. Let me give the real story of darynode. Darynodes owes mehost 70$ for using our nodes. They can't aford any nodes. There using GoormIDE and Replit for some of there current hardware. We made them lose user data due to not paying us. We almost totally shutdown due to the debt they caused us. They forced us to order a new Ryzen 7 Hetzner dedicated server while we were already in debt. Darynode can't aford anything and it is unprofessional at that. I was banned from darynode and blocked by the owners asking for the money back. If you would like more proof please let me know.
AlphaDarky - IoNetty screen shots?
Aaron_ - ProtonVPN ??????
Aaron_ - IoNetty Damn, That answers a lot of questions
Shershah - IoNetty GoormIDE and Replit

No, they are not using this. They pay for there nodes.
dchu096 - Shershah 
uhh... i remember its contabo
ProtonVPN - Hi saale kiku
Deleted User - Aaron_ dary nodes has scammed MEhost and has not paid for the dedicated server provided to them by mehost
Aaron_ - Zachery Yes I've talked with the owner of mehost today. Seems like he does owe him 70$
Aaron_ - ProtonVPN Can we talk in dms sometimes?
Grabstop - yeah so I was told that they have many different providers, (they only named contabo) 
and they said that they had many other nodes.

However, from what I have seen through DNS Lookup they only have Hetzner and Contabo.

They claim to have Ryzen 7 CPU VPS's 32GB for 27$, which truly does shock me and I wonder where they get it from (allegedly from their own data center.)

Not gonna point any fingers but that's all the info I have at this current moment in time.
Deleted User - Grabstop dary is doing some sletchy shit they said they had no money to pay mehost back and that they were broke so probs they abuse
Grabstop - Zachery what is mehost any link?
Deleted User - https://discord.gg/AYy5CWNz Grabstop
Kiku - IoNetty  Hello dear. Before blaming anyone first think. So let me clear all ur dout.dchu said me he doesn't need any money then I said I will pay u something then Dchu and me decide that that will be the cost of node  we both will pay fine!!!. And I informed dchu that I have vast customer get ready for that he said he is ready. Ok according to them I need to pay 70 dolllar. Right and their vps is from hetzner  and that node cost 45 europe and let it be 50 euro after all charge. Link- https://www.hetzner.com/sb?cpu_from=9000&amp;cpu_to=40000 . So why I need to pay them 70 euro . Then that node was not for me they are also using that node then why I will pay 70 dollar Even it's 50 euro. And and they didn't purchase any vps for anything separately for us. Me host suspend my all service and my id with out any information Or warning etc 
. They suddenly ask me to give 70 dollar Or they will ddos my ip ( ddos ip is said by lonetty staff)  . Or create trouble for me etc. Then after argument they said I have 2 day if I will pay then I will get my server back if I didn't then I  lose everything . Fine!!! And I used their services for a list 5 days even not complete 5 days. So u say why I will pay 70 dollar and service not good even. BTW thank u Dchu. Dchu is cool person he tried is best to help but his staff. ... I am not blaming any one. And again thank u Dchu for ur 5 days help and making false thread on me. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-05/1633414083-482573-screenshot-2021-10-05-11-30-13-899-comandroidchrome.jpg
Kiku - IoNetty  Hello dear. Before blaming anyone first think. So let me clear all ur dout.dchu said me he doesn't need any money then I said I will pay u something then Dchu and me decide that that will be the cost of node  we both will pay fine!!!. And I informed dchu that I have vast customer get ready for that he said he is ready. Ok according to them I need to pay 70 dolllar. Right and their vps is from hetzner  and that node cost 45 europe and let it be 50 euro after all charge. Link- https://www.hetzner.com/sb?cpu_from=9000&amp;cpu_to=40000 . So why I need to pay them 70 euro . Then that node was not for me they are also using that node then why I will pay 70 dollar Even it's 50 euro. And and they didn't purchase any vps for anything separately for us. Me host suspend my all service and my id with out any information Or warning etc 
. They suddenly ask me to give 70 dollar Or they will ddos my ip ( ddos ip is said by lonetty staff)  . Or create trouble for me etc. Then after argument they said I have 2 day if I will pay then I will get my server back if I didn't then I  lose everything . Fine!!! And I used their services for a list 5 days even not complete 5 days. So u say why I will pay 70 dollar and service not good even. BTW thank u Dchu. Dchu is cool person he tried is best to help but his staff. ... I am not blaming any one. And again thank u Dchu for ur 5 days help and making false thread on me. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-05/1633414083-603145-screenshot-2021-10-05-11-25-05-540-comdiscord.jpg
Deleted User - hey dary
Deleted User - i was waiting for when you would show up
Deleted User - Kiku mehost is gone so no point blaming them but whats here is you
Deleted User - next for the over pricing yes the nodes cost was $45 but you didnt use one node you used extra for that we added the increased cost
Deleted User - Zachery and main reason we stopped is because you were freeloading off of our vps + your prices were so cheap that either way unfundable
Deleted User - we also returned your customer data
Deleted User - and like you said you both agreed to pay but you didnt pay a single cent
dchu096 - Kiku Hey kiku

You were too pathetic because you told me your hetzner account cant verify as you are underage and cant get a drivers license...

Free loading my resource with your free users is not what i agreed to!
Iceey - Zachery what the fuck does a "return of customer data" mean? Did you fax them their passport ID 😂 ?
Deleted User - Iceey iceey are you fucking blind i said "we also returned your customer data"
Iceey - Zachery what does that mean?
Deleted User - It means we gave users their files back.
Kiku - dchu096 yes but they are paid user
if u try to recall then we are discussing how can I pay u.  Fine!!! . U are my one of best friend I don't want to blame u for any misunderstanding or etc. And wait why this conversation is going on may I know. U ask me to pay 70 dollar. I said no u stop my service simple. Why so much argument are going on. And I used ur service for 5 days something if u need money for 5 days then come to dm let us discuss.
XITENODES - Shershah singal ??? Is @Kiku a Cell Phone tower xD 😁
TheDevil - XITENODES wdym?
dchu096 - Shershah you mean single? I was like what is that word. Signal?
