Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651171-708788-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651233-504575-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651324-26947-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651345-147484-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634653248-806788-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634653531-371378-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634653696-12023-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634653848-491946-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634654027-240520-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-20/1634741415-166341-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634652705-909305-image.png
Music4lity - This is for the support offered by the Dashactyl staff. One of the employees of a company I'm working with reached out to their staff for help on an issue, and the staff member, @Shershah took advantage of that user's lack of knowledge and tricked him into nuking the entire OS of a server buy running rm -rf /* lulw in base64. The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic Linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning. Rather than being a leader and a teacher, the staff member decided to be malicious and provide what I call "anti-support" - when someone comes to you for help, and you intentionally make their situation worse.

For a group of developers to be so toxic and so egregiously destructive in their support, I don't think ANYONE should use their product, let alone ask them for support. Further down in this initial post, you can find some of their official responses to being called out for such behavior.

The client in these pictures is ᎠⴽX丶NASH





A few notable responses from staff members:








UPDATE: User's name changed to Shershah


UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634655217-498865-image.png
Shershah - very hard issue. This is very common thing. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651618-109156-image.png
dxqt - funny shit - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651797-109777-image.png
dxqt - imagine don't have enough acknowledgement then fucking creating a thread complaining about it
Chirag - Music4lity The staff member then went on to call the client an idiot, and told them that they shouldn't try working on a server if they don't know basic linux, as if the client shouldn't have somewhere to start learning.

lol
Chirag - dxqt I'm pretty sure that's not me but @Shershah
Shershah - Chirag Yes that me.
Shershah - Funny - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634652406-706212-image.png
Music4lity - Chirag Updated the post, thanks for the clarification.
GoHill3 - Dashactyl support are always toxic, used to it
SamCoThePug - If the user is too dumb to use basic linux, OR EDIT A FUCKING JSON CONFIG TO ADD AN EGG then they shouldnt be making a host.
Shershah - @Music4lity ^
Music4lity - SamCoThePug Some of the best learning is on-the-job training. The user is an employee for a company, not an owner. They were trying to learn. There's no sense in wrecking someone's progress for no good reason.

Plus, I'M the one who set up Ptero in the first place, so they wrecked MY work in the process.
GoHill3 - SamCoThePug The command is being encoded in base64, how is he going to know that will destroy his VPS?
Chirag - Music4lity for a company

it's a fucking open source project dumbfuck. and I don't mind getting people to nuke their own vps if they're that dumb...
dxqt - Music4lity that is like telling to not go to school instead of that they self learn at home
Chirag - GoHill3 The command is being encoded in base64, how is he going to know that will destroy his VPS?

LOOL
Music4lity - dxqt It's called learning a trade.
GoHill3 - So guiding someone destroying their own VPS without their acknowledge is good now?
Music4lity - I'd like to point out that the node in question was intended for FREE hosting.
GoHill3 - What the fuck is this biased community who think guiding people destroying their own VPS is acceptable?
Chirag - GoHill3 not my fault they're dumb
Chirag - Music4lity who tf cares? free hosts are even more shit
dxqt - Music4lity the fuck does that mean
Shershah - Music4lity nuking the entire OS of a server

You can just reset your vps. Bruh, Installing pterodactyl is not hard. Even 8years can install it if you can read docs.
dxqt - fr you can just use a fucking install script
dxqt - this community is not for children, once again
Jamie_ - As the owner of dashactyl, I am sitting here, laughing at you. This is some of the funniest shit ever. If someone is so dumb that they nuke their own VPS, they deserve to have it nuked so nobody has to go through the pain of hosting with them. Because one way or another, their VPS will get nuked. Be that trying to install dashactyl and then being dumb enough to nuke it, or they give their password to some random mf and they nuke it with clients data on it. Grow up.
Music4lity - Loving these responses, guys. Really lets the rest of the community know who you really are.
Jamie_ - Let me point out, most people that need support with installing dashactyl, their problem is learning how to use the basic linux system or following docs.
Jamie_ - Music4lity Oh they know. And they agree with it.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Glad you think so.
Jamie_ - Music4lity Tell me, whats so bad about being the only group willing to act about shit hosts?
Music4lity - Jamie_ Perhaps, the way you're doing it. The notion that people shouldn't be able to learn is so unbelievably and unequivocally unhinged. You're causing havoc for no reason - to people that don't deserve it. This user did nothing to you, yet you found it fit to tell someone to nuke a server that they've been working on. That's a bit fucked up.
Music4lity - Jamie_ If this is the case and you're so unwilling to help, why would you have a support Discord server? I recommend closing it.
Jamie_ - Music4lity Why are you starting a host if you have no clue? I admit, it has gone a bit too far with the nuking and they have all been told to stop with no exceptions, but you should atleast have the smallest slice of knowledge of linux to have to install dashactyl like starting a host.
Timanttikuutio - Music4lity they are willing to help, but you're expected to have basic linux knowledge. same with the ptero support server, most people will not help you if you don't have any knowledge and are just acting stupid
Music4lity - Jamie_ He isn't starting the host. He's working with the host. You caused the user to fuck up a server for the company he's working with. His expertise is elsewhere and was just trying to help while I and the owner were away.
Music4lity - Jamie_ So you agree that it was too far, yet you decided to ban me from the Discord when you saw that I was collecting responses to add to the post? I'm just letting everyone know how y'all act toward your clients. That sounds a bit like suppression.
Shershah - You can reset your vps from your hosting provider webinterface.
Music4lity - Shershah The point is that no one should have to.
Nash - I have been learning for a month and that's the only thing I have been doing recently since I have `insomnia`` and can't sleep properly, you should've just said that you can't help. or might just tell me how to do that kind of stuff, also I asked it on your so called  'support' channel.
Jamie_ - Music4lity You caused the user to fuck up a server for the company he's working with.

I caused it? I have been lying in bed with covid the past week, and you have the audacity to dump the blame on me?
Nash - Removing your support channels would be better for everyone. Toxic Management
Sydney - Excuse me, but who tf is dumb enough to run random commands given to them by internet people on their machines? ESPECIALLY COMMANDS THAT ARE ENCODED?

At that point, ya kinda deserved it.... Like, you have no idea what the command does.... It could install malware, delete everything, or give someone a backdoor into your system
Music4lity - Jamie_ You, meaning your group. As owner, surely you take responsibility for your staff's actions.
Jamie_ - Music4lity yet you decided to ban me from the Discord when you saw that I was collecting responses to add to the post?

Why do you think? "collecting responses for the post" that's just a straight up ban from any server. That's straight immaturity I won't tolerate. And you coming into my server, shouting your opinion to everyone. Of course I am gonna fucking ban you. You got an issue, DM me. Don't be an immature fuck and let everyone else (who doesn't care) know.
Nash - Sydney they have given a command on a SUPPORT CHANNEL lmao
Jamie_ - Music4lity As owner, surely you take responsibility for your staff's actions.

I have taken responsibility by telling them to stop,
Nash - Jamie_ wow, what a good way to tell staffs to stop being toxic
dxqt - Nash thats not fucking toxic lmfao, that karma for being dumb
Jamie_ - Nash wow, what a good way to tell staffs to stop being toxic

How tf else do you want me to do it? Go find their houses, sit them down and tell them how naughty they have been!? Be realistic.
Jamie_ - Sydney Thank you, someone with some common sense.
Music4lity - Jamie_ It's immature to show everyone what you all say? You had no problem with what I was saying beforehand, and you even said no to banning me to your own staff because you thought it was funny. The only reason you changed your mind is because I was showing everyone what y'all are like.
Jamie_ - Music4lity The only reason you changed your mind is because I was showing everyone what y'all are like.

I didn't care about the fact you were in there, making a post and being immature. That is just you showing yourself up. What I cared about was then you deciding to take one of our support channels and bitch about it in there, when instead you could have DMd me.
Nash - Jamie_ support channel hmmm
Jamie_ - You got a problem with my server. DM me. Don't be a little bitch in the support channel and complain about someone being stupid enough to nuke their own VPS. I am stopping as I don't have the energy to deal with you while I am sick. Everyone else on this forum has agreed with me and you still think that you are "showing them all what we are like".
Music4lity - Jamie_ Correct me if I'm wrong, but your own staff made the initial post about the drama.gg thread in the support channel. I simply responded. There also wasn't a lot of support going on there. More like telling people to nuke their servers.
Jamie_ - Music4lity Nope, you did. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634655718-105477-image.png
Nash - you shouldn't have support channels you guys don't even help lmao
Jamie_ - Your PFP is on the post, you were the creator. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634655733-634374-image.png
dxqt - Nash explain why would we help children
Jamie_ - Nash We help people who have a basic understanding of the linux system, just like in the pterodactyl server. No knowledge, no support.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Show me where I posted it in your support channel.
Jamie_ - Music4lity Funnily enough, I purged the messaged. I am not having someone as immature as you have those messages stay in the channel.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Yeah, of course I made the post. I didn't share it to your Discord server.
Nash - Music4lity just end this they have lots of issues all of the people and member in their discord knows their shitty management

this will not end, their attitudes will not change
Jamie_ - I am leaving this. I will just let everyone else in this community laugh at you just as I did, as you say you are letting them see how we are, yet they have all agreed with us. I will come back and respond when I am feeling better.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Oh I'm aware that you purged it. Fully aware. It's a good way of keeping me from getting any screenshots.
Kowone - lmfao, kid's mad after he nuked his own vps
Jamie_ - Kowone Ikr lmao
dxqt - Nash 

this will not end, their attitudes will not change

and you will never grow up
Nash - Music4lity yeah, it's also a way to hide evidence's of their staffs being rude to a client whose just asking for help
Kowone - Jamie_ this is fucking hilarious
Nash - dxqt that also goes for you lmao, shitty personality
Jamie_ - Kowone First time I have laughed this much in a while. Gotta thank them though as it has cheered me up from having covid 😂
Kowone - imagine can't put an egg to the dash, when it's as simple as modifying few shits in settings.json 🤷‍♂️
dxqt - Nash nahh we are in drama.gg, think about it
Nash - Imagine having this kind of shitty personalities.
Kowone - Nash aww please stop with the flatteries, we all do have bad personalities here
knotam - I mean even if you guys don’t think someone should learn encoding commands in base 64 so they nuke there vps is just immature.
Nash - Kowone and you guys have lots of em
Music4lity - Nash It's not worth it. All of these guys are from the Dashactyl community. They're all egotistical shits.
Nash - Im still trying to learn stuffs, that's why I'm heading in the supports channel to ask some stuffs I don't fully know
Kowone - knotam he ran the command, so basically it's caused by himself 🤷
Nash - Music4lity yeah it's kind of not worth, they're not worth the time just leave them be
Kowone - Nash again, please stop with the flatteries and praises
Kowone - Music4lity says the kid who created the thread
knotam - Kowone Well atleast he was taught something 
doesn’t make it right though
Nash - and it's not even the right answer for the question
Kowone - knotam one lesson learned here: don't run a command you don't know what will it cause
Nash - Kowone second lesson learned here: don't ask on dashactyl's support channel since their management is full of shits
Kowone - Nash aren't you being a piece of shit too right here 🤷
Music4lity - Kowone Not really, he was wronged by your community.
Nash - Kowone you deserve it though.
Nash - Kowone i asked a question, and got an answer that will nuke my os that's hella right for a so called support
Jamie_ - Music4lity He tried being a system admin for a host when he didn't even know the basics of linux. Read that sentence and tell me what is wrong.
Kowone - Nash wdym by i deserved it? i am a piece of shit myself, i admit to it lmfaoooo
Music4lity - Jamie_ The fact that someone took advantage of his lack of expertise for comical gain. That's How To Be A Shitty Person 101
Nash - Kowone Good thing you know it yourself, unlike someone.. defending himself not actively advising his staffs lmao
Jamie_ - Music4lity Don't see that in the sentence. What I was hoping you would say that he is being a system admin for a company, with no knowledge of linux. Can you not see the issue there?
Kowone - Nash at least that someone knows basic linux knowledge
Nash - aha! channels got purged
Music4lity - Jamie_ Annnnnd, he shouldn't have the opportunity to learn?
Nash - this is really a waste of time
Kowone - Nash oh yes, it got purged cuz of dramas in it, we're the one who caused it, the kid who nuked his own nodes made it a drama
Jamie_ - Music4lity Yes, but not working as a sysadmin for a company when he could potentially run the wrong command while learning and fuck up more then just an empty VPS ready to install dashactyl.
dxqt - Music4lity please, just please learn in school, learn something fully, not fucking finding it out yourself, is not that hard and you won't waste your time like this
Nash - Music4lity that's what im about to say, as a student I also want to learn something I still don't know. that's why asking on dev's is also one of the ways in which I can get help/support. I don't even know what wrong in learning new stuffs.
Jamie_ - Nash Yup. Good analogy,.
Nash - Kowone and a staff who gave a command to nuke someone's os
Kowone - wait, music boi working as a system administrator??? lmfaoooo
Kowone - Nash i already mentioned that we caused him to ran the command. but we're not the one who started the drama 👀
manouel - bro wtf you litterally have 1 iq who doesnt know about that command
Nash - Nash you know what your staff did wrong, I just asked a question and need help. I know you guys think it's easy, not everyone is as good as you. we're all different so don't compare me to some 8/yr old who can do this stuff.
manouel - Kowone he system adminastor he litterally doent know about the command
Music4lity - I just want to say that I learned all of my expertise hands on. I did on-the-job and self-taught training and learned how to be a sysadmin, and now I work for a major corporation. THEN I got my certs. Don't discredit people's abilities based on how they learned, because I guarantee my career trajectory is better than a lot of people's, even though I don't have a degree to show my expertise.

What happened here is beyond fucked up. While it's a simple fix, it should have never happened in the first place. People being toxic for no good reason are some of the worst among us. When someone reaches out for help, aren't we supposed to help build up the community instead of tear it down? If you want to reduce skids, refuse support. Don't offer arbitrary support.
manouel - even my 7 year old brother knows about that command
Kowone - manouel may god bless him with basic linux knowledge lmfao
Nash - manouel as I mentioned I am still learning.
manouel - Nash still learning what dont you know even what -rm means? thats basic knoweldge
dxqt - you are that broke enough to not learn something fully like a hosting course or guide
Jamie_ - Music4lity Don't discredit people's abilities based on how they learned

I am not, but read what I said. What if he runs the wrong command on a node and boom everyones data is gone. What you gonna say then? Everyone won't just forgive him because "he is learning". Hell no. Their data is gone because he didn't buy a small VPS to learn on himself like everyone else does.
dxqt - man just admit that you are underage
Nash - one sided community.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Who said that he would be working on a production node?
Jamie_ - Music4lity Wait a fucking minute, you literally said he was working on a node installing dashactyl for a company?
dxqt - Music4lity What if
Nash - Music4lity yeah that's why im using a trial VPS for learning
Music4lity - Jamie_ It's not production though. At least not yet.
Jamie_ - Music4lity UPDATE: The group's leader, Jamie, has now banned me from the group because I made this post. They also reset all of the chat channels.


How do you see this when banned then? Alting? Thats against discords terms my guy. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634655217-498865-image.png
Jamie_ - Nash So you were on a VPS installing dashactyl for a company thats a trial VPS? 🤔
Nash - The company owns a Dedicated Server. which is separated on what I'm currently using so players/clients files wouldn't get affected on what I'm doing
Jamie_ - Music4lity You do hear yourself correct? He is working on a VPS that will go out to production when he could have done something wrong on the install and installed a backdoor or something?
Music4lity - Jamie_ It's so sad that you don't realize that I may know other people in that Discord server.
Jamie_ - Nash Wait a god damn minute, now you are telling me a free host wanted you to install dashactyl on a trial VPS and they have a dedicated server for their files?
Music4lity - Jamie_ You are aware that I'm capable of auditing, correct? I'm currently working on my CEH cert.
Jamie_ - Music4lity I don't doubt that for a minute, but you still have just described the perfect scam free host to me.
Music4lity - Jamie_ The free host operates separately from paid hosting.
Nash - ahhh good thing we don't have this kinds of people in the country I'm living at
Jamie_ - Music4lity Wait a minute, so a free host is using a paid hosts resources, and the using free trial VPS for dashactyl which you said would go out to production and asking a completely unexperienced person to do sys admin for them!?
Jamie_ - Nash So everyone in your country is peter perfect? 🤣
Music4lity - Jamie_ Let me lay it out for you:

The free host operates on an entirely separate VPS from paid hosting. The VPS is free trial, but will be cloned to the new host when we purchase the VPS.

Paid hosting is run on a dedi.
manouel - Jamie_ em arent you jamie?
Jamie_ - Music4lity That is not what you told me before but sure lets just go with that. Anyway I can't even begin to understand why a paid host is making a free host unless they are failing miserably. I am out of this conversation now, you and mr peter perfect land over there have a good one, cya.
Nash - Music4lity I have clearly mentioned that before I think he didn't understand, that it's seperated_
Deveroonie - Jamie_ what happened to you "leaving the thread"
Jamie_ - Deveroonie Well some irritant kept waffling on and wouldn't keep his trap shut.
Music4lity - Jamie_ It's a free host with limited resources. It allows us to attract prospective clients. This company is still in development. We're not openly hosting get, so there's no reason that we'd be failing.
Deveroonie - Music4lity totally unrelated, what's your discord
Nash - Music4lity and also if the free host has its limit reached we will be moving it on a dedi also
Deveroonie - Music4lity s. This company is still in development.

unrelated can i help u?
Vertoxen - cock &amp; bals
Saqib - Vertoxen ok
Fallen - @Jamie_ when did you become such a bitch?
You blab one about maturity but any support member instructing a end user to do something destructive is wrong no matter who it is. If you want to point fingers go for it but deal with your own shit first. You are ruining the brand of Dashactyl by fucking over end users. Get a fucking grip.
Jamie_ - Fallen when did you become such a bitch?

Excuse me? Thought we were on good terms but hey ho.

Fallen You blab one about maturity but any support member instructing a end user to do something destructive is wrong no matter who it is.

Please look through this post. We give legitimate support to members to have a basic knowledge of the Linux Operating system and don't to people who have no fucking clue.

Fallen If you want to point fingers go for it but deal with your own shit first.

Where or how does that fit into what you were saying. I never pointed a single finger.

Fallen You are ruining the brand of Dashactyl by fucking over end users.

Well again, read through the post. They have all been told they are on thin ice and I have been suffering with covid for the last week so have not seen what they have been doing. Besides, your the one pointing fingers at me! I haven't said a thing to anyone to make them nuke their VPS. Also it was like this even before I owned dashactyl. I saw it all the time.

Sort out your attitude mate, you didn't used to be like this. Read through an entire post first before attacking them like that. It makes you look bad, and a lot of other people support what dashactyl is doing.
Music4lity - Jamie_ We give legitimate support to members to have a basic knowledge of the Linux Operating system and don't to people who have no fucking clue.

This was not just "not giving support." This was intentionally causing destruction. I'm not blaming you personally for what your staff member did. I AM saying that no brand that conducts themselves this way deserves clients.
Aaron_ - dxqt funny shit x2
Fallen - Music4lity I agree with this statement. I would also like to offer you help if you still need it. Feel free to add me on discord: fallen&lt;3#0231
Shershah - Music4lity You should see our support channel before making thread. But now support is started again. So idk. We legit give support who have basic knowledge about Linux Operationg system. You can just reset your vps. What the big drama in this? And also you mention you using free trail vps for this, which you should not use.
Music4lity - Shershah You should see our support channel before making thread.

Shershah I took a look at your support channel. Hardly any support is even given there. I also looked for support yesterday because the AFK page was broken on your product, and was met with crickets chirping.

The issue is not how hard or easy it is to reset. The issue is your egregious arrogance and having led someone to having to reset it in the first place. He shouldn't have had to reset it because of your so-called "support". Don't take advantage of people's lack of knowledge for your own amusement. Instead, be a teacher and a leader.

I also addressed the trial VPS in an earlier comment.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Also it was like this even before I owned dashactyl. I saw it all the time.

It's your job as an owner and a respectable community member to exact change when you see something toxic going on within your own community. When you took over, you should have laid some ground rules, not just allowed bullshit like this to continue.

Shame on you for knowing it was always like that and doing nothing to stop it, given your position.
Music4lity - Deveroonie Given a recent thread regarding you seeking a list of emails in order to creat a spammer bot, I think that would be inappropriate. https://drama.gg/d/1125-deveroonie-asking-for-a-leaked-database-to-spam-users-emails/7
Jamie_ - Music4lity and was met with crickets chirping.

If you are now gonna sit here complaining about community support, that is something new.
Music4lity - Jamie_ I'm not complaining about the support I did or did not get. Support for free and open source products has never been great. I was just pointing out that if a staff member is going to try and tell me that they offer good support, they'd best have some evidence to back it up, because what I saw was lacking.
Jamie_ - Music4lity It's your job as an owner and a respectable community member to exact change when you see something toxic going on within your own community.

Well funnily enough, it stopped a lot of shit hosts this "comedic act" and that can be said loud and clear. Like I said before, they have been told to stop and I haven't taken a look at the dashactyl server for so long as I have been busy with other stuff. I shouldn't have to sit each staff member down and tell them how naughty they are!? You have an issue with them, DM me for gods sake, don't bitch about it in a drama.gg thread.
Music4lity - Jamie_ As the owner, you're responsible for your staff's decisions as they pertain to your organization. I don't see why you're so upset that I made a thread. Sorry that your org's name is tainted by a drama.gg thread because of something your staff did.
Jamie_ - Music4lity I am not upset you made the thread at all. I couldn't care less about it as it doesn't have anything to do with me. However, as I have said, they have been told to not do this and I will keep my eye on it.
Music4lity - Jamie_ Thank you for that response. That's all we needed. We didn't need to drag this out. We just needed an acknowledgement and a promise to put an end to it.
Oliver1234dotdot - Shershah People doesn't even need to read the docs anymore, they can just go search "pterodactyl installer" and the github script of whatever the guys name is will pop up.
Music4lity - Oliver1234dotdot Actually, I always go by the docs, in case something changes. I can't wait on scripts to update because I install it a lot. Plus, I don't trust a lot of scripts to do it right.
Oliver1234dotdot - Music4lity Well either you trust the script or not, it kinda really depends on what you think, but I have been using the script for a long time now, I usally have a problem with the mysql database not setting it up, but else theres not really anything wrong with it.. But as i said, it's your choice if u wanna use it or not
Dviih - I think Dashactyl is deffo a good thing but it requires a bit of knowledge in linux and system administration

Anyways i don't think nuke kids vps is correct i normally just tell who asked for help to tell their system administrator or someone who can do that

I don't think nuke kids vpses is wrong if they run a random command by someone said to do i don't think they was supposed to install Dashactyl + a big problem is read the docs major part is fully documented in docs and the kids really open and close then ask for support I never saw a real issue in dashactyl support channels major part is the same thing who can be found easily since discord search tool exists

Dashactyl would be an awesome thing if kids weren't a thing
UnkownGuy - welcome to dashactyl support the literall shittiest support ive ever seen even more shit than rockstar support
UnkownGuy - Dviih and ur right about this part "Anyways i don't think nuke kids vps is correct i normally just tell who asked for help to tell their system administrator or someone who can do that" just cuz htey dont have linux knowledge doesnt mean ppl should take advantage over them and nuke their vps's
Kowone - 🤔
Xmomoo - lmfao this is the funniest shit i ever saw
Jamie_ - UnkownGuy welcome to dashactyl support the literall shittiest support ive ever seen even more shit than rockstar support

If you don't like it, leave. Don't cry about it.
Two - tbf, they should've knew what rm -rf was.

also, imagine if there was a million message in staff news saying stop nuking people's vpses by me before jamie was owner-
Jerome - Two tbf, they should've knew what rm -rf was.

Nah, you should know what is cm0gLyogLXJmlGx1bHcK in base64
Jerome - If @Shershah want to take it as joke, why is he encode the command in the first place? Seems like it's his intention to destroy his server
Shershah - Jerome nah you should not run any command that you been told on internet or have some brain cells before running that command, also focus on ur thread. 😅
Jerome - Shershah nah you should not run any command that you been told on internet or have some brain cells before running that command, also focus on ur thread.

It's official Dashactyl server and many people rely on Dashactyl for their host. It create a good image and trust to the public. People trust on your command because you are a staff, not random stranger. Making a joke is fine if it's destructive, make it inexecutable at client site and not at support channel. You should stop him if he tries to execute it.
Deveroonie - Music4lity ...
Chirag - Jerome I do, echo "base64 string" | base64 -d
Dignity - im laughing my ass off on how stupid that guy is lmao
Jamie_ - Dignity Isn't he just. Jerome has something wrong with him.
6969 - Okay, why is this tread on this damn community I thought this community was to try to get free hosting down that uses free trails or anything like that not for installation support?!
Aaron_ - 6969 Maybe because its a addon that alot of the hosts use? Also I think those two tags match the current scenario. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-21/1634837119-794103-image.png
Jerome - @Shershah A confirm tag is needed here too!
manouel - Jerome stfu jerome or im gonna kick your ass
Jerome - manouel lol
SamCoThePug - Music4lity Just at least take a course before making a host or do some other project involving linux to get knowledge to not nuke your own vps
Jerome - SamCoThePug That's actually not the whole point, the point is Dashactyl's staff tend to destroy someone VPS. Even though he didn't run the command, Dashactyl's staff still unprofessional and scamming.
dxqt - Jerome dashactyl is a free open source project. what you mean by scamming?
Jamie_ - Jerome scamming.

yes, we scam people with a free resource. Retard.
manouel - Jerome i see jerome do you thing what are you gonna type before typing it
Jerome - dxqt dashactyl is a free open source project. what you mean by scamming

 
If this is not scam, what is it? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-19/1634651171-708788-image.png
Kowone - Jerome If this is not scam, what is it? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-25/1635153028-185731-f06a6b69-4b83-46c0-879b-105c84bbc54c.jpg
Kowone - mhmmm
Dviih - Jerome Nuke skid/asshole vps
eraters - Music4lity go fucking cry to mommy, and stop hiring incompetent staff
Two - dashactyl support nowadays... tbf i would personally give this a confirmed tag no offense... you could check if they are skids a lot easily- make a quiz when they join...

also... jerome doesn't belong in this thread. pls stop interfering with not-even-evidence kthx.
Jerome - Dviih lmao, the guy just did nothing and it's being classified as skid.

eraters stop hiring incompetent staff

You need to tell this to @Two too

Two dashactyl support nowadays... tbf i would personally give this a confirmed tag no offense.

Sounds like you even agree the community is toxic

Two you could check if they are skids a lot easily- make a quiz when they join...

There's no point of support channel exists then

Two jerome doesn't belong in this thread. pls stop interfering with not-even-evidence kthx.

Oh really? The guy who told him his server got nuked, if that doesn't belongs in this thread, this thread wouldn't exists
GreenArrow99 - like don't use dashactyl if you can't understand it
I myself quit using it cuz I seem to be too dumb to understand dashactyl installation
Jerome - GreenArrow99 Did you even read the thread? Your reply completely off-topic
GreenArrow99 - Jerome isn't it already off topic?
GreenArrow99 - ok im not sure if it was already off topic but ya if my reply was one then sorry about that
Anon-Dev - Yeah the person Chirag is really dumb idiot
Anon-Dev - Avoid using eggactyl (the shittest pterodactyl egg in the world)
Kowone - says the guy who hosts their api on replit lmao
Chirag - Anon-Dev says the guy who commented on a resource on directleaks and ask for support to install nulled unix
CharityLexus - Anon-Dev eggactyl is actually a good egg
Perny - Isnt the free host community suppost to be atleast a little professional? 😁  (Talking abt the replies in this thread)
SumUne - Dashactyl Support shitass
Two - Jerome You need to tell this to @Two too

jamie owns it now, not me.

Jerome Sounds like you even agree the community is toxic

for once i agree with you.

Jerome There's no point of support channel exists then

not true. some people don't understand how to setup stuff like settings.(json/yml).

Jerome Oh really? The guy who told him his server got nuked, if that doesn't belongs in this thread, this thread wouldn't exists

not my server anymore
I'm pretty they cleared the channels, not a server nuke.

Jerome Did you even read the thread? Your reply completely off-topic

did you? you clearly didn't. you thought the server got nuked. you probably just skim read through this. you clearly haven't read it specifically enough.
Two - Jerome Nah, you should know what is cm0gLyogLXJmlGx1bHcK in base64

too lazy to try, but imma assume that means rm -rf
Marjan - lmfao, they change their name but they still toxic. They change to Votion

Website: https://votion.dev
Github: https://github.com/Votion-Development
Discord invite link: https://discord.com/invite/pnfPnHEPtx
Kowone - Marjan hello dear child, i can't understand the reason for this lmao
Marjan - Kowone maybe you should ask @Jamie_ lol
Kowone - Marjan dear child, why do i have to ask that person, when you could just provide the reason and photos of them, BUT NO, you refused to provide them
Kowone - also @Jamie_
Marjan - Kowone what?
Marjan - I am not the one who change the name, what are you saying?
Chirag - Marjan votion isn't bad, it's just that it's mostly jamie ruining it all now, jamie's pretty irresponsible. The progress on dashactyl is incredibly slow, and jamie's dashactyl egg is pure bullshit, the only part jamie did was like the main file and it's horrible, ok it might be jamie's first time trying out bash, but switch cases/cases exist in every single language which is not an esolang

that has to be the worst code i've seen tbh

and it's fairly clear that jamie does not know how to secure shit at all, the votion api for freenom is ez af to get since it's not even hard to deobfuscate his bash script, the api basically sends a message in a channel if a server tried to use a freenom domain, the api runs on port 6969, which is accessible by the public too so the ip and port http://193.110.160.171:6969/freenom-webhook with auth key which i'm not gonna reveal here, it's easily possible to spam pings in votion's egg logs channel if you have the header name which i probably have saved somewhere but cba to find it, just a simple axios request can do the job

const axios = require('axios')

axios.get("http://193.110.160.171:6969/freenom-webhook", {
    headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
        "Accept": "application/json",
        "Authorization": "SECRET TOKEN HERE",
        "headernameoverhere": "@everyone"
    }
})
it's obviously insecure if anyone can ping every single staff member a billion times, i know i made the api, but port 6969 was supposed to be closed to the outside world, and only nginx should be accessing it. but jamie didn't give 2 shits about that. that clearly says how much jamie cares about security.
About jamie's shit code, even when i showed jamie that || exists in bash and i did change it myself since i know jamie's lazy, he somehow reverted back to this bullshit code: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-01-25/1643097848-577140-image.png
Chirag - Marjan votion isn't bad, it's just that it's mostly jamie ruining it all now, jamie's pretty irresponsible. The progress on dashactyl is incredibly slow, and jamie's dashactyl egg is pure bullshit, the only part jamie did was like the main file and it's horrible, ok it might be jamie's first time trying out bash, but switch cases/cases exist in every single language which is not an esolang

that has to be the worst code i've seen tbh

and it's fairly clear that jamie does not know how to secure shit at all, the votion api for freenom is ez af to get since it's not even hard to deobfuscate his bash script, the api basically sends a message in a channel if a server tried to use a freenom domain, the api runs on port 6969, which is accessible by the public too so the ip and port http://193.110.160.171:6969/freenom-webhook with auth key which i'm not gonna reveal here, it's easily possible to spam pings in votion's egg logs channel if you have the header name which i probably have saved somewhere but cba to find it, just a simple axios request can do the job

const axios = require('axios')

axios.get("http://193.110.160.171:6969/freenom-webhook", {
    headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
        "Accept": "application/json",
        "Authorization": "SECRET TOKEN HERE",
        "headernameoverhere": "@everyone"
    }
})
it's obviously insecure if anyone can ping every single staff member a billion times, i know i made the api, but port 6969 was supposed to be closed to the outside world, and only nginx should be accessing it. but jamie didn't give 2 shits about that. that clearly says how much jamie cares about security.
About jamie's shit code, even when i showed jamie that || exists in bash and i did change it myself since i know jamie's lazy, he somehow reverted back to this bullshit code: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-01-25/1643098954-198900-image.png
Chirag - Chirag most of this isn't confidential information btw, you can see the request url if you use a network monitor, something like wireshark or whatever the hell it was, his script is pretty easy to deobfuscate too.
no tl;dr for you, read it all
Chirag - Chirag Jamie being the dumbass he is, again forgot to obfuscate his code, and you can see the code for yourself with docker, just pull the image (check the egg json in the discord and find docker image) and then use docker save with o to save it as a tar.gz and extract it, it'll make multiple layers, then extract all those layers to one folder, boom you're done, docker save is a built in method in docker btw, here's a simple script:
IMAGE="quay.io/jamiegrimwood/dashactyl-egg:latest"
docker pull ${IMAGE}
docker save ${IMAGE} -o lol.tar.gz
tar xf lol.tar.gz
rm lol.tar.gz
mkdir entire
cd entire
for TAR in $(find .. -follow | grep layer.tar); do tar xf ${TAR}; done
Jamie_ - I am in class so cannot write a full response to this, but from what I have read it’s just about the dashactyl egg. I have no clue how to make eggs and it was my first time doing it, your just mad because you got banned from the community for being a jackass to the devs in the general chat. I will write a better response later.
Chirag - Jamie_ your

you're*
tovade - Chirag We're not in english class thanks 🙂
tovade - Also there is no reason to spam the egg-logs channel at this point you're going waaaaaay over the line with this.
tovade - And there he goes, spam pinging people that have access to the egg-logs channel, chirag stop being a child. Act like an adult and don't spam ping us developers.
Chirag - tovade just telling you to secure your shit so you can see it, it's amazingly easy to spoof your api (which I made, but port 6969 wasn't supposed to be exposed to the public) since jamie surely doesn't know how to secure his shit
Chirag - tovade wait what? I'm pretty sure I pinged once manually?
Shershah - Chirag his shit
his shit.*
tovade - Chirag Nope you did 4 times
tovade - Chirag It doesn't mean you can ping us/spam the egg-logs webhook
Chirag - tovade oh, so those failed attempts actually sent? interesting lol, I forgot to end a ' because I was on phone but it still sent so idk
tovade - Chirag I know you're proving stuff, but you don't need to execute the webhook, just say it that we have a security issue there is no point in actually executing the webhook.
Two - idk why you are complaining over sh*t code- i mean... if it works, it works. so it does the job.
Jamie_ - Marjan if you have a problem with the support, than don’t use it 🤦‍♂️
Chirag - Jamie_ can you dm me on discord for a min jamie?
Shershah - Chirag do you gonna black mail him too?
Chirag - Shershah dad joke alert
you got a problem with me using gmail in dark mode?
Shershah - Chirag blackmail*
Jamie_ - Chirag didn't give 2 shits about that. that clearly says how much jamie cares about security.

What difference would it have made? Nginx just proxypasses it so it goes to the same place. That makes no sense. Plus, you say Dashactyl support is still toxic, look at the original thread. It is literally about you being toxic in the support channels.
Chirag - Jamie_ Plus, you say Dashactyl support is still toxic

i really don't care about that tbh
Chirag - Jamie_ What difference would it have made? Nginx just proxypasses it so it goes to the same place.

yeah uh, i sent a few messages with custom text using that api lol, just because you forgot to protect it
Jamie_ - Chirag Again, doesn't really matter to me. Was just a bit childish to send @everyone as much as you could.
Chirag - Jamie_ believe it or not I meant to send one
sarveshgamers - Music4lity Lol that's chirag he is the owner of multiegg i don't think he is staff on there also
ExoticalCat - sarveshgamers Eggactyl*
sarveshgamers - ExoticalCat yea ik but multiegg is said in most of the host while creating a server
Tato - Music4lity I thought it was basic knowledge that Shershah is a terrible person, mostly known for his involvement in hosting services that are a scam
