Deleted User - Hello everyone im back with another thread, again…
Anyways the host who i am writing a thread on is none other then HostingRemade owned by the user Dchu096
so first lets start off with how unprofessional and lazy the management is so first we start with their website (https://hostingremade.com/)
it turns out their website is Wordpress template!
so right off the bat they start off with a bold claim "best servers at the cheapest prices possible!" hmm lets see.

these prices dont look cheap..(maybe its just me)
(yes i know what your going to say "Thats Just the template!" well… this website has been like this for 3 weeks now and none of them have bothered to even set it up(using a template is already a huge red flag) )
well fine lets go to the next part the billing panel 



hmm seems like they were too lazy to set this up too.. quite unprofessional if you ask me, what would a customer think if they saw this
Next yesterday they had reported getting ddosed well tho we cant entirely put the blame on them for this what they did was instead of focusing on getting their services back as a priority the owner dchu096 went on to accuse me of ddosing them with 0 proof just like the 4 other times he accused me which he confessed and apologised for (guess they dont learn or change) 
heres the owners confession (https://drama.gg/d/1060-an-apologise-from-mehost-to-zachery0001)
Note: i have much more to add ill add it in a few hours - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635213821-808100-828ed942-eb4c-4834-b3d5-cc95874250ce.jpg
Deleted User - Hello everyone im back with another thread, again…
Anyways the host who i am writing a thread on is none other then HostingRemade owned by the user Dchu096
so first lets start off with how unprofessional and lazy the management is so first we start with their website (https://hostingremade.com/)
it turns out their website is Wordpress template!
so right off the bat they start off with a bold claim "best servers at the cheapest prices possible!" hmm lets see.

these prices dont look cheap..(maybe its just me)
(yes i know what your going to say "Thats Just the template!" well… this website has been like this for 3 weeks now and none of them have bothered to even set it up(using a template is already a huge red flag) )
well fine lets go to the next part the billing panel 



hmm seems like they were too lazy to set this up too.. quite unprofessional if you ask me, what would a customer think if they saw this
Next yesterday they had reported getting ddosed well tho we cant entirely put the blame on them for this what they did was instead of focusing on getting their services back as a priority the owner dchu096 went on to accuse me of ddosing them with 0 proof just like the 4 other times he accused me which he confessed and apologised for (guess they dont learn or change) 
heres the owners confession (https://drama.gg/d/1060-an-apologise-from-mehost-to-zachery0001)
Note: i have much more to add ill add it in a few hours - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635213896-847441-820cdd3d-30db-436b-8184-cf86664687e7.jpg
Deleted User - Hello everyone im back with another thread, again…
Anyways the host who i am writing a thread on is none other then HostingRemade owned by the user Dchu096
so first lets start off with how unprofessional and lazy the management is so first we start with their website (https://hostingremade.com/)
it turns out their website is Wordpress template!
so right off the bat they start off with a bold claim "best servers at the cheapest prices possible!" hmm lets see.

these prices dont look cheap..(maybe its just me)
(yes i know what your going to say "Thats Just the template!" well… this website has been like this for 3 weeks now and none of them have bothered to even set it up(using a template is already a huge red flag) )
well fine lets go to the next part the billing panel 



hmm seems like they were too lazy to set this up too.. quite unprofessional if you ask me, what would a customer think if they saw this
Next yesterday they had reported getting ddosed well tho we cant entirely put the blame on them for this what they did was instead of focusing on getting their services back as a priority the owner dchu096 went on to accuse me of ddosing them with 0 proof just like the 4 other times he accused me which he confessed and apologised for (guess they dont learn or change) 
heres the owners confession (https://drama.gg/d/1060-an-apologise-from-mehost-to-zachery0001)
Note: i have much more to add ill add it in a few hours - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635214045-949855-5906628c-2b50-42eb-b1f3-e889e4716a80.jpg
Deleted User - Hello everyone im back with another thread, again…
Anyways the host who i am writing a thread on is none other then HostingRemade owned by the user Dchu096
so first lets start off with how unprofessional and lazy the management is so first we start with their website (https://hostingremade.com/)
it turns out their website is Wordpress template!
so right off the bat they start off with a bold claim "best servers at the cheapest prices possible!" hmm lets see.

these prices dont look cheap..(maybe its just me)
(yes i know what your going to say "Thats Just the template!" well… this website has been like this for 3 weeks now and none of them have bothered to even set it up(using a template is already a huge red flag) )
well fine lets go to the next part the billing panel 



hmm seems like they were too lazy to set this up too.. quite unprofessional if you ask me, what would a customer think if they saw this
Next yesterday they had reported getting ddosed well tho we cant entirely put the blame on them for this what they did was instead of focusing on getting their services back as a priority the owner dchu096 went on to accuse me of ddosing them with 0 proof just like the 4 other times he accused me which he confessed and apologised for (guess they dont learn or change) 
heres the owners confession (https://drama.gg/d/1060-an-apologise-from-mehost-to-zachery0001)
Note: i have much more to add ill add it in a few hours - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635214046-81093-0b8044ed-9e2e-4754-bac8-c75429e8c1b6.jpg
Deleted User - Hello everyone im back with another thread, again…
Anyways the host who i am writing a thread on is none other then HostingRemade owned by the user Dchu096
so first lets start off with how unprofessional and lazy the management is so first we start with their website (https://hostingremade.com/)
it turns out their website is Wordpress template!
so right off the bat they start off with a bold claim "best servers at the cheapest prices possible!" hmm lets see.

these prices dont look cheap..(maybe its just me)
(yes i know what your going to say "Thats Just the template!" well… this website has been like this for 3 weeks now and none of them have bothered to even set it up(using a template is already a huge red flag) )
well fine lets go to the next part the billing panel 



hmm seems like they were too lazy to set this up too.. quite unprofessional if you ask me, what would a customer think if they saw this
Next yesterday they had reported getting ddosed well tho we cant entirely put the blame on them for this what they did was instead of focusing on getting their services back as a priority the owner dchu096 went on to accuse me of ddosing them with 0 proof just like the 4 other times he accused me which he confessed and apologised for (guess they dont learn or change) 
heres the owners confession (https://drama.gg/d/1060-an-apologise-from-mehost-to-zachery0001)
Note: i have much more to add ill add it in a few hours - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635214046-210626-a09679b5-45ad-4e76-9a68-e27156516a14.jpg
dchu096 - Mentally and physically dont care
IoNetty - honestly, i'm neutral in this case but I want to add a few things.

#1: i have told dchu to fix that template ages ago, same with everything. it's not fixed

#2: unprofessional, yea most of the staff are laid back a bit, including me. never knew it was that bad though, can you send some screenshots

#3: dchu's confession, yea about that, i was the person who got him to do that. hostingremade / mehost has changed a bit but not a full circle
Deleted User - dchu096 ahh knew you would come here basically another thing to add the owner couldnt care less about his host
IoNetty - zach read ur dms
Deleted User - IoNetty 

IoNetty i was the person who got him to do that

yeah hes too stubborn to accept his wrong doing and he never actually learns

IoNetty can you send some screenshots

ill add screenshots + a potential partners side of the story in here and his not so pleasent experience in hostingremades attempt to partner with his SMP
Mavin - Zachery go commit die
Deleted User - Mavin hello mavin ill presume your a kid because of how you react but ill just give you a few words of advise this is a platform where we "expose" hosts and thats what im doing but if you cant handle the truth i suggest you dont get on here your probs just making a fool of yourself
IoNetty - Mavin get off an alt please, whoever you are.
Deleted User - IoNetty yeah just noticed it was made 4 mins ago
Deleted User - IoNetty hostingremade / mehost has changed a bit

i wouldn't be so sure about it changing they still are unprofessional as usual, lazy and couldn't even pull off a simple partnership
IoNetty - Zachery i THINK i have some screenshots
Deleted User - IoNetty well, feel free to post em here
dchu096 - Hmmm..  looks like ivan said it too..
Deleted User - dchu096 ivan?
comfyy - Zachery using a template is already a huge red flag

What's wrong with using a template? Many hosts use it.
dchu096 -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635215688-116591-chrome-wmmssjuryl.png
dchu096 - Makes sense if ivan made a alt and tell you to commit die again
Deleted User - comfyy laziness and its pretty unprofessional if you ask me especially when they cant even atleast set it up
Deleted User - dchu096 talking about this who the hell is he anyways.
dchu096 - why asking me. I dont know anything too
IoNetty - i'll give some information about the xenmc partnership case.

alrighty, let's explain it from the top. from when this partnership has happened I was creator at mehost, what the name was when it happened. zach was part of the marketing team, i was creator. we ran into xenmc and we were planning on doing a partnership. dchu couldn't get the partnership so zach stepped in and got it. the server was moved over and everything was done, there were a few performance issues on the server so I asked for permissions to monitor the server. i got permission temp but this is when the downfall happened. i asked for the first 3 digits of nicholaslee's ipv4 due to the 2fa plugin not allowing me to get the secret code so I could add it to my authenticator.  i made a mistake and looked through the config, everything was hashed. at that point they had a false sense of security and this happened

this screenshot isn't mine, it's from nicholas. it happened near the same time that I asked for the first 3 digits. after that I was getting mass blamed for doing stuff by a good bit of the mehost staff team, not including a few. after that I just quit mehost, went back after a bit and I work behind the scenes mostly. if you have any questions about this please let me know. oh yea, they have sense moved to witherhosting &amp; nicholas and ree hate me from what I have heard. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635215705-958421-image.png
IoNetty - note ^^, none of that bruteforcing on his nas is my fault
Deleted User - IoNetty yes another point the owner dchu096 instead of even investigating on what happened and trying to dissolve the suituation went on to blame ionetty for it just like what he did to me this man cant even accept his own wrong doings can he…
Mavin - Zachery OMG zach you fucking degenerate why does dchu even answer to you? You such a waste of time
IoNetty - Zachery i also gained a worse reputation in the community from it
IoNetty - Mavin stfu alt, use common sense. your account was created 4 minutes ago
dchu096 - IoNetty yeah... so my fault uh?
Deleted User - Mavin kid why are you so bound on supporting dchu lemme guess your his alt?
Deleted User - dchu096 yep and dont you dare try deny it
Deleted User - me and ionetty gained nothing but bad impressions by helping YOU yet you throw us under the bus
IoNetty - dchu096 it's my fault that the partnership was lost. but a good bit of blame that wasn't mine was pushed onto me
Mavin - Zachery wdym i dont even know you talking about. Fuck off mate
dchu096 - Zachery i do deny
Deleted User - Mavin yes very suspicious clearly hiding something
dchu096 - need me to bring a person named ree in?
IoNetty - dchu096 i want nicholas in here too, ree will be bias
Deleted User - dchu096 yes bring him in let him also say what happened during the partnership
Mavin - Zachery Damn Zach, you fucking degenerate go commit die
Deleted User - IoNetty yes ree is very biased just since dchu bought him r6 and minecraft ree litteraly spammed my dms with hate saying that i was in the wrong
Deleted User - Mavin hmm @Robert i think you should ban this alt hes doing nothing but spamming hate for no reason and hes an alt
Mavin - Zachery hmm... Maybe
Mavin - Im blueboi lmao
Deleted User - Mavin ooo i see now why your so childish your that 12 yr old skid
IoNetty - Zachery zach read dms
NicholasLee - IoNetty Why is my NAS email here, WHY am i involving this shit
comfyy - NicholasLee ip too. just saying.
Mavin - Zachery and you type like 10 years old
IoNetty - NicholasLee trying to say something, chill out please. just read through and give a honset response to this
Deleted User - Mavin kid your the other person i helped so much yet you decided to act entitled and then you went on to abuse mehost with alts and epic games nitro (yes dchus an idiot) and then didnt you go on to scam jay? out of $60 tho he made you the website and poor jay he needed it for his medicine you really are very dissapointing if i have to say so myself
Deleted User - Mavin mate look at yourself
NicholasLee - comfyy Well, thats not my IP. Its one of the Attackers
comfyy - NicholasLee I see.
dchu096 - IoNetty io you should have censored his ips...
Deleted User - NicholasLee well nicholas im sure you had quite a "unpleasant" experience when HostingRemade tried to partner with you. why dont you say what happened here.
IoNetty - dchu096 its a rando digitalocean vps, dont care honestly
Deleted User - dchu096 its the attackers ip
dchu096 - IoNetty oh so digital ocean abuse?
Deleted User - dchu096 well thats nothing me and io have to worry about we merely put the picture as "proof" besides the ip is the ip of the hacker unless your to 'lazy' to check
IoNetty - honestly dchu, you should care more. i have seen you leak your address &amp; more multiple times
NicholasLee - But @Zachery I agree with you, they literally use Contabo as partner server to us. They trying to fool us and trying to get access to the server.
dchu096 - IoNetty remember i told you in my DMs? Mentally and physically dont care? Thats my attitude
Deleted User - IoNetty yep he leaked many ips roughly about 500(dont ask how i got this much)
Deleted User - NicholasLee yep
dchu096 - NicholasLee i can see. Cuz thats the only one i have on hand since then. Was gonna get another one to move you over anyways. Which oh well
dchu096 - im still gonna keep the same attitude. Mentally and physically dont care.
Deleted User - dchu096 oh do i smell 'excuses'
dchu096 - I was this attitude since i banned you. and dont expect me to change out of this attitude
NicholasLee - Zachery Did you changed your Discord? I cant contact you 🙁
Deleted User - dchu096 same ol stubborn dchu 😒
IoNetty - NicholasLee here look, this isn't some youtube apology video but do ya forgive me about that ip incident a while ago? still wondering about that
Deleted User - NicholasLee its because ree banned me and stuff
IoNetty - Zachery ree is bias
dchu096 - i see blueboi's right. you degenerate
Deleted User - Zachery damm is ree one heavily biased person just since dchu bought him stuff he instantly took dchus side without even bothering to hear me out
NicholasLee - IoNetty Nah its fine, idk what happen and why do you get scolded. You literally did nothing wrong tho. I feel sorry for you, be happy always
Deleted User - dchu096 same ol naive dchu 😏
dchu096 - Zachery Mentally and Physically dont care
IoNetty - NicholasLee i get dragged into stuff like this, i have shit luck
Deleted User - nicholas if you want to get in contact with me my user and tag is Zachery#8058 ill get back to you in a while
Deleted User - dchu096 same ol stubborn dchu 😏
_MrKnight_ - I thought mr.dumbhead dchu left hosting industries, was he lying? Is he badsk Jr jr?XD
Deleted User - _MrKnight_ yes lol man never learns
dchu096 - _MrKnight_ hmm 👀 was gonna leave but oh well
_MrKnight_ - Zachery Lol
Deleted User - _MrKnight_ and funny part is dchu is 19 yr olds
dchu096 - Zachery like yourself, degenerate
IoNetty - _MrKnight_ i have told him before to stop, but he won't. he doesn't make profit and I told him to stop, he won't. @dchu096 shouldn't you be saving for uni and college by now?
NicholasLee - Zachery Look at witherhosting, their CEO is 19yo, and they are doing much better LOL
Deleted User - dchu096 ooo looks like someone having anger issues 😏
_MrKnight_ - dchu096 I seee u never will, with this dumbfrick atitude u will never run a "professional" and "successful" business, mark my Word mate!
Deleted User - NicholasLee yes lol
IoNetty - NicholasLee i use witherhosting personally. want some insider info on hostingremade?
_MrKnight_ - dchu096 PIssed Brat?
dchu096 - _MrKnight_ I will remain my attitude, thanks for the word
Deleted User - IoNetty yes post it here there was no confidentiality agreement anyways
_MrKnight_ - NicholasLee Kubbur &gt; wither
NicholasLee - Anyone want to create a hosting with me together, I am the CEO and you will be COO 😃
Deleted User - dchu096 ahh i can actually make a whole song with these 2 lines "same ol stubborn dchu" "same ol naive dchu"
IoNetty - NicholasLee ill help out
dchu096 - zach is more childish. literally finding a messenger with the price of a domain - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217226-357990-image.png
Deleted User - NicholasLee not the right place but sure ig
IoNetty - @Zachery  we may be able to do dawn this way
_MrKnight_ - Zachery SIke no agreement best host, and even if there is agreement I bet it will be just some staff rules not legal documents
Deleted User - dchu096 how is that childish lol im merely using that as a way to monitor eugene and improve him
Deleted User - IoNetty yep
_MrKnight_ - IoNetty Netty
Deleted User - dchu096 besides that just shows how much better i am at saving and managing money
dchu096 - i see after improving him such response?

more like hes taught by a kid - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217320-407807-discord-rkrbxjn3pz.png
Deleted User - mate the only thing to improve here is your english and your common sense
dchu096 - and really? eugene.top?




800 dollar for someone? Wow... so rich... - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217425-438346-image.png
dchu096 - As said before i remain the attitude of dont care
Deleted User - dchu096 changed it to aeugene.top later but ok
Deleted User - dchu096 same ol stubborn dchu… 😏
dchu096 - dchu096 not according to this image i saw
dchu096 - So you taught eugene and i clearly see he didnt improve 👀
Deleted User - dchu096 yes as i said your naive dont believe me. ask eugene how much he has improved before and after he met me
IoNetty - zach get on discord, dawnhost starting soon:tm:
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217619-559938-image.png
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217628-895-image.png
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217638-934360-image.png
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217649-636842-image.png
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217665-886796-image.png
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217675-87408-image.png
dchu096 - heres more:











lets see whos naive - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635217680-813304-image.png
dchu096 - Oh right, you taught eugene how to scam thepython. so wow
dchu096 - Let me bring eugene here and see what he says
Deleted User - dchu096 it was a joke which both seth and eugene have come to terms with and i have apologised for bringing a joke so far besides do you even know the defenition of naive?
dchu096 - Zachery childish
dchu096 - Zachery well. the image never lies. All i know
RAGHAVGAMINGYT - Zachery joke???? more like scamming friends..
Deleted User - dchu096 ok now define ""childish"" without googling it
dchu096 - Zachery A child way of acting and writing or behaving
FatGrizzly - a lot of drama going on eh
dchu096 - heres more i see - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635218032-874298-image.png
Deleted User - RAGHAVGAMINGYT  mate tho you may not realise i wouldnt have let it go so far was merely checking how far they would go and how much they cared because as you know python did have a dark past with illegal stuff tho hes slowly learning
Aaron_ - dchu096 tf
Deleted User - dchu096 mate thats another one of my 1000s of jokes and besides eugene really has been posting alot to you i see..
Deleted User - Aaron_ dw its another one of thoes 'jokes'
dchu096 - Zachery oh really, from image i see no joke. Tell me then, wheres proof that its a 'joke'?
RAGHAVGAMINGYT - Zachery man i see you're a scam head

i'm sorry if my english is incorrect.
Deleted User - RAGHAVGAMINGYT scam.?
dchu096 - oh yeah 👀  you bought ddos tool just to ddos me, i should thank you for that right? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635218258-618095-discord-domdmcnfin.png
IoNetty - dchu096 dude i didnt say that
IoNetty - oh wow, guess I did
dchu096 - IoNetty the problems not you anyways. just chill out 😉
Deleted User - dchu096 ddos you? just another accusation i see but tho i did have a reason i dont have anger management issues to actually carry it out
dchu096 - Zachery uhh well not me either
dchu096 - Aaron_ and yeah, stealing my address too as a 'joke'. and said sold to the people on dgg 😉 lost contact with his first acc so i need to take time to find these images
dchu096 - but one thing makes weird. if hes just fine why would he needs 3 alts cuz the other 2 banned?
comfyy - Aight aight, listen up kiddos. I've bought out HostingRemade. All the users who are in the server as of right now, can keep their servers, if paid obviously. The pricing &amp; WHMCS will be set up today. All the staff will be also reconsidered. If anyone has doubt, just dm me on discord, comfyyy#4663.
dchu096 - Comfyy will handle HR afterall. Thanks comfyy!
FatGrizzly - comfyy listen up kiddos

😠 🖕 😡
comfyy - FatGrizzly not talking about you big boi
comfyy - dchu096 nah, its ok lol.
AEugene - Good morning and shut up everyone this thread is so unnecessary and @Zachery stop pointing unnecessary shits dchu's life is none of your business
FatGrizzly - AEugene *AnEugene Hi, goodmorning, oke
dchu096 - AEugene Thanks eugene. I do agree this thread is so unnecessary. Going to back to do my study now
comfyy - AEugene Good morning

Morning.
IoNetty - https://i.has-cool.pics/bruh.jpg/TArR9
Deleted User - AEugene nope eugene ill not stop unless there is changes in hostingremade remade after comfyy bought it out and this has nothing to do with dchus life dchu merely changed the topic its about hosting remade
dchu096 - Got exam in 2 wk cant be bothered to deal with zach who is so fucking degenerate
Deleted User - AEugene unnecessary pfftt its litteraly about a public host which is so bad and unprofessional and thats what drama.gg is about so i made this thread
dchu096 - Zachery too stobbern.
Deleted User - dchu096 mate improve your spelling lol
dchu096 - You literally wasting my time while im getting ready for end of year exam towards uni. If i failed uni cuz of you looks like you gonna be the person blamed 🤷
Deleted User - dchu096 mate id look at yourself first then looking at others
dchu096 - Zachery ahh i see this is how you improve a guy..
comfyy - Zachery Oh there will be. It's not much of work if we have good staff.
dchu096 - Zachery well schools more important or hosting. You pick one
AEugene - Zachery now tell me

why do you even care?
even if you do what's the point? Most of the staffs here are neutral just like @IoNetty 

ok then if you found the point... back to the first question WHY DO YOU NEED TO CARE?
dchu096 - If you pick hosting ig you actually degenerate
dchu096 - Comfyy, please handle this thread. Dont wanna my fail my end of year cuz of that asshole
AEugene - Zachery 

The customers looked happy and you, a non-customer just straight up cancelling HostingRemade what's the point lmao
dchu096 - AEugene agree
dchu096 - The whole point about this thread is revenge cuz he cares about that little seo he have
dchu096 - And just keep trying to use dgg to make sure i dont survive
dchu096 - Oh well... Talking to a rock wont makes sense anyways. Hope you know the rock im talking about
dchu096 - dchu096 and trying to ddos me to actually make sure i think im dead so i go straight up cancel my service
dchu096 - All these things links to 1 result: zach wanna revenge on me
AEugene - dchu096 why did he want to revenge on you again?
dchu096 - AEugene well... I ruined his seo once do hes just being so stubborn to make sure i need to drop my seo below him
AEugene - dchu096 I guess that happened pre-Elytra SMP...?
dchu096 - Its like i pushed him off the cliff he have to find a way to drag me down if not he will never resist
dchu096 - Thats why you see when comfyy bought the host hes fine when i run its not on the same host
dchu096 - You see now? The problem isnt the hosting its the person hes targeting
dchu096 - AEugene never heard of but im sure he was revenging on nagisa too cuz im the owner there
AEugene - Indeed ig
dchu096 - Let me bring jesse here. I bet hes got something to talk
dchu096 - I will leave him a dm when hes online he can go react here.
dchu096 - The only thing rn is i just wanna go study gor my freaking exam
dchu096 - I study on my way to school and way back home and the moment back home have to deal with zach is just painful
dchu096 - On some kind of useless shit thread like this
AEugene - Well there's nothing else to see/say here... @dchu096 I guess that wouldnt be necessary. You dont need anymore correction from @Zachery . Just live your life.
dchu096 - AEugene well fun coming in. I guess i found a team who hate him (nagisa) now time to see the fun
RAGHAVGAMINGYT - dchu096 just go and study whenever you feel bored just look at this thread
comfyy - dchu096 it always has been.
Deleted User - dchu096 its about the host because i know comfyy is much more capabe then you ever will be
Deleted User - dchu096 yes blaming others for your failures typical you
AEugene - Zachery and how does it relate to you again?
Deleted User - dchu096 a rock? mate are you even listening to yourself me and ionetty have been telling you for months to fix problems you never even bothered
Deleted User - AEugene me and ionetty are here for the bad reputation he caused us and this website is for the same reason exposing hosts so here we are
JakeAndersan - now 
what am i supposed to do
Deleted User - dchu096 drop your seo? mate im the one still working to save hosting your seo after all thoes times but now ive had enough
Deleted User - JakeAndersan let me guess dchu brought you here
Angry_Mouse - JakeAndersan  read and realize what happens when you get a naive youngster with more money than sense and respect, in your team
comfyy - Angry_Mouse too many alts smh, joined 7 minutes ago.
Deleted User - Angry_Mouse mate i see now… dchu really is calling everyone he can think of to come here
comfyy - Angry_Mouse cant tell if this is ionetty, or Zach.
Deleted User - dchu096 i see..
Deleted User - comfyy thats mouse
dchu096 - Ig the fun is starting when nagisa + me + my admins vs zach
Angry_Mouse - zach just, just why are you doing this with your life
comfyy - Zachery yeahhhh, no.
Angry_Mouse - if you dont like dchu then just dont talk to him, ever thought of that?
Angry_Mouse - Do you have to try as hard as you can to get him cancelled?
JakeAndersan - Zachery  dude go fuck yourself -3-
JakeAndersan - we don't want you here
stop annoying us
JakeAndersan - plus what do you want from us anyway?
JakeAndersan - earn what you wan't
JakeAndersan - i literally woke up from a 30 mins nap
JakeAndersan - dchu messaged me and it scared the living shit out of me
JakeAndersan - and you know i have insomnia
dchu096 - JakeAndersan well yeah sorry to disturb you sleep...
JakeAndersan - its okay you provided me with a server anyway
JakeAndersan - and what's the point of a thread
can't you just block and ban him
dchu096 - JakeAndersan well... he started it. and decide to wreck me cuz he wants my seo to go down. so yeah... need to find someone to deal with him too
JakeAndersan - IP banning also works
but if he bypasses that (on discord) the only thing we can do is report and hope for a feedback
since using another account to join a server is against the TOS
dchu096 - but welp, this is drama.gg not discord...
JakeAndersan - (and yes don't call me a weeb for reading ToS)
JakeAndersan - ik
JakeAndersan - let's get this straight, 
Zachery created this thread because he wanted revenge and maggots were chewing up his ass
AEugene - JakeAndersan please act mature and polite here you're 23(at least that's what you said)
dchu096 - he doesnt have to act mature tho. If you are angry you probably hard to keep mature. This is not a applications its just a thread
JakeAndersan - I am already pissed because of some random dudes
AEugene - @Zachery can you just message me on discord..
JakeAndersan - isn't Zachery a "Rich dude" 
why can't he just make his own server
dchu096 - JakeAndersan yeah...
AdFrost - Hmm, Soooo yah dchu is just the best he does his work very well and actually doesnt thretan us like Zach (r6).

Ps: dont mind spellings.
JakeAndersan - sorry if I am not acting calm today, I am gonna go touch some grass unlike him, or just go in the park to calm myself off I'll be off for a while
JakeAndersan - AdFrost  thats facts
AdFrost - Iks
JakeAndersan - also  Adfrost can you accept my friend request I need you for somthing
dchu096 - welp zach went offline, imagine when he came on and see all these. guess hes gonna take him 30min to type lmao
dchu096 - Man, wasting his time? Hes rn wasting my time when i can be studying rn and do my exam good
AdFrost - JakeAndersan let me add u i have like 100 req i am lazy to search
AdFrost - dchu096 Yah u better go and study for exams ;D.
MrInsanity - dchu is the best
He is always there for us
Deleted User - You have all just agreed to biased support
MrInsanity - Dchu my man salute to you
Deleted User - Without knowing the truth well if you want in 1 day i will release a multi POV document about the truth
MrInsanity - Zach it is called ''The Support For The Good" its not biased support
Deleted User - This documentary not only will have my pov but other povs too
JakeAndersan - AdFrost  ok my name and ID is 𝓙𝓪𝓴𝓮 𝓐𝓷𝓭𝓮𝓻𝓼𝓪𝓷#7319
Omar - I am here
Deleted User - I see.. the whole servers coming here isnt it well @dchu096 no matter WHO you bring your not winning this
dchu096 - Zachery good for you 😉
AdFrost - Zachery Its not "biased support" he actually host very good he listens to what ever we say in a way that helps us and i think he is the best and the most helpful guy i know.
dchu096 - Zachery sure, sue me then. I will be gladly waiting for your sue
AdFrost - Omar Yah u r but why are u here
JakeAndersan - Zach, p l e a s e f o r t h e l o v e o f j e s u s h a r o l d c h r i s t l e a v e u s a l o n e f o r o n e g o d d a m n m o n t h
dchu096 - Zachery no one will believe you, wasting your time to do this? not worth it mate
AdFrost - Zachery We are actually here to say the truth not like you who "comes to our server and every time saying ' me and my team will destroy ur server' So he is just better than you."
dchu096 - You destroyed nagisa and thinking releasing a pov doc will make their mind change? Try it, you such waste of time.
AdFrost - You already destroyed it once and that did a big impact in our server like almost half of the ppl dont play bc of you.
AdFrost - And u thretan us every month almost twice every month.
Deleted User - JakeAndersan kiddo your not even involved here its dchus host he brought you here so ask him
AdFrost - So, Basically you just made this threath to waste our time and @dchu096  is a really responsible guy as far as i and our whole server knows.
Deleted User - dchu096 lets see about that after the doc is released not only is it mine but some other people too.(special people) 😏
dchu096 - Zachery well... if you read this chat rn its about zachery for sure...
dchu096 - Zachery oh yeah thepython and io right?
AdFrost - Zachery He means to leave us alone in the server and stop black mailing us.
dchu096 - its 100% why you would include them
dchu096 - welp, going back to study. this thread just a waste of time
Joshh - Bruh
dchu096 - Ig i did pulled a heaps amount of people here. Imagine pushing zach to his limit
dchu096 - ig this is one of the most annoying war on dgg afterall
JakeAndersan - guys don't cancel me for racism it's only for today ok?
JakeAndersan - nevermind illl get cancelled 
wait...
zach is you being a indian the main reason you have anger issues?
dchu096 - JakeAndersan 👀 so he did lied about his country then
JakeAndersan - @dchu096  is it okay if I bring my black friend to say the N-word to him?
dchu096 - JakeAndersan uhh... idk if dgg allows this kind of words. probably not good idea
Deleted User - JakeAndersan indian?
Deleted User - AdFrost black mail? mate dchus the one bringing me and ionetty in trouble so we've had enough
Demonix - Thanks. Wasted 16mins of my live to read this thread
AEugene - JakeAndersan how tf is he an Indian lmao

Stop using wild blames and there's no need for a roast here
Deleted User - JakeAndersan and next anger issues? mate you do realise ive forgiven dchu 7+ times yet all the times he never learns thats why ive come this far + i dont tolerate childishness
Deleted User - Demonix yes so demonix mind if i ask you what is your conclusion from what you have read?
JakeAndersan - Zachery  oh look the Indian dude's grammar fell apart
JakeAndersan - I am bringing john hold up
Deleted User - JakeAndersan mate arent you the same guy who drinks 13 coffees a day but cant spend $4 on a mc server?
JakeAndersan - ALRIGHT YOU BLACK NEEG-
JakeAndersan - ill just go leave this up with jake
JakeAndersan - Zachery uhm yes
Demonix - Zachery idk, both are right in some things
Deleted User - Demonix so who do you think has more fair parts do you think im in the wrong at all? and for what reason
dchu096 - Demonix More like zach wanna revenge cuz i ruined his stupid seo
dchu096 - Thats a fact 👀
Demonix - Zachery I didnt read everything, ima go neutral. I also dont have time
JakeAndersan - and again, I didn't know you guys were back together i was like hmmm dchu told me that they are not friends anymore so Zach must be scamming me

AND NO I don't drink 13, that's the max amount I drank once I take 1-6 on average
Deleted User - dchu096 revenge? well true it is revenge not for the seo tho for all the fricking times you never learned and kept on making the same mistake yes
Deleted User - JakeAndersan more lies i see.
AEugene - JakeAndersan yes if you dont have anything to do then no need to make a comment
dchu096 - Zachery said before, its my life and you dont have to step your foot in there
JakeAndersan - now leave US alone
dchu096 - You could have opt out at the beginning then trying to interrupt the whole thing
Deleted User - JakeAndersan you have no reason to be here dchu does
so you can leave
Demonix - Demonix This thread is kinda funny ngl
JakeAndersan - dchu096  facts
Deleted User - dchu096 interrupt? mate you asked me to help you and not only that you runed my SEO so the only way of fixing it is to join back adn get you to confess
dchu096 - Zachery its a public forum he can be here
AEugene - JakeAndersan not offending but we all can seriously expect/conclude you to be below 14 so please if you dont have anything to do just leave
JakeAndersan - Demonix dude this aint drama.gg this is Komedy.gg with a weeb
Deleted User - Demonix well dchu changed the topic so yes
dchu096 - Zachery well.. you can opt out then
dchu096 - Zachery well if its isnt you the whole time whos messing with dgg i could have done a excellent job
Kowone - JakeAndersan this is indeed drama.gg, or you can't read it because you're dumb as fuck? you might need to go to school again.
AEugene - I think we need a middleman, like NOT just me to help these 2 figure things out
Deleted User - dchu096 opt out? no its too late for that mate you have crossed my limit so im not letting you off the hook
AEugene - Kowone r/whoosh ig
Deleted User - Kowone he probs never went to school yet claims to be 23
dchu096 - Zachery well... Then theres no need to ask jake to leave too
dchu096 - If you decide to start 6 times on me for the fucking seo lets continue
Deleted User - dchu096 hes the one not wanted to be here so im giving him an option to leave
Demonix - Kowone Bruh, take it with distance and its comedy.gg
Deleted User - dchu096 sure
dchu096 - Mentally and physically dont care
Deleted User - Demonix i wouldnt argue with kowona if i were you
Deleted User - dchu096 then leave lol
Kowone - Demonix didn't know idiots could do some comedy shit? wow
dchu096 - Zachery never argued with him
Demonix - Zachery Idrc im already late bcz of this thread. Gonna eat breakfast in school i guess
Deleted User - dchu096 not you its demonix
AEugene - @dchu096 who's @Kowone again?
Demonix - Kowone Yes i know, i know that from my class.
Deleted User - AEugene some girl on drama.gg
dchu096 - Zachery well...  You started this thread already too late to opt out rn
dchu096 - The war has begun and unless you stop your revenge theres a no end
Deleted User - dchu096 im not opting out mate its a chance for you to flee with your precious seo
dchu096 - Cuz you will keep revenging and eventaully we will flood the whole dgg platform with our things
dchu096 - Zachery idrc about my seo but you do care
Deleted User - dchu096 my revenge? mate are you listening to yourself this whole thing is your cause you pushed me and ionetty to our limits you kept blaming us for your shit and now we have had enough
Kowone - AEugene thanks for noticing me, young man. but, are you sure you don't have hygiene problems?
AEugene - dchu096 @Zachery exactly so why do these 2 gods need to have a fight?
Kowone - wrong person nvm
dchu096 - Thats why you revenge on purpose. Said before i pushed you off a cliff you have to pull me down too
Deleted User - dchu096 my SEO doesnt even matter anymore you already ruined it
AEugene - Kowone ??
Deleted User - AEugene kowona knows how old someone is by looking at their pfp so she knows your 15
dchu096 - My one dont matter too you already ruined mine too many times too
Kowone - AEugene your name reminded me of someone, that's why i said "wrong person nvm" 🤷‍♂️
Demonix - Demonix They make great comedy
dchu096 - I rather have peace have this point other then you keep stepping into the way trying to put blocks in front of me
dchu096 - I said earlier this thread im studying for exam. Its just you trying to ruin my exam result using a platform named drama.gg
dchu096 - And theres no way im not blaming you if i do shit in exam
Deleted User - well now lets ruin it more
dchu096 - And... You will revenge again
Deleted User - dchu096 peace is not an option anymore
dchu096 - And cause a no end situation
dchu096 - Zachery there is. That is you just stop making these stupid threads
dchu096 - Seo matters or life matters im sure you know which option im going for
Deleted User - dchu096 yes im quite an opportunist
dchu096 - You probably in uni already
Deleted User - dchu096 yes exactly what i needed
Deleted User - dchu096 im younger then you mate.
dchu096 - And decide to take on a high school student cuz he ruined your seo...
Deleted User - dchu096 ...
dchu096 - Zachery no. You care about seo
Deleted User - mate im a year younger then you
dchu096 - Dont deny it. Its the truth that you care seo more then your life
dchu096 - Zachery yeah go study too. Singapore exams not easy
Deleted User - dchu096 no i care about what i dont have organized and thats my SEO rn my life is pretty organized already.
dchu096 - Benefit both end
Deleted User - dchu096 pretty easy for me if you ask me.
dchu096 - I go study you go study and now you made the thing eorse
AEugene - The conclusion Ive come up with so far:

This thread has a repetitive cycle of topics:
Zachery mentions about how unprofessional dchu is, SEO blablabal
dchu rejects Zachery's accusations by "opt in opt out" idk
Side characters(Kowone, Demonix, JakeAndersan, me) come in and messaged something about Zachery
Zachery repeats the first step while also making a comment about what the side character said
dchu rejects again with "Zachery just wants a revenge" or "mentally and physically dont care" or "study for school"
I make some comment about something related
Repeat
dchu096 - Zachery Well sure it might be easy for you but cambridge exam?? Not easy
dchu096 - AEugene indeed
dchu096 - We just keep repeating the same thing. Zach probably dont get tired i do
dchu096 - Espically rn my final year exam is more important then what my host become
Deleted User - dchu096 im tired of your nonsense thats why im ready to end it all here
dchu096 - If my host break? I can rebuild it but if i failed uni? Im never gonna exit overdrawn until i die
dchu096 - Im not that rich to pay for uni fees myself even i have a job
Deleted User - dchu096 yes so focus on your uni its more important right?
dchu096 - Im ending here too. This is my last thread im gonna talk to. I hope we can meet on another side lf the world. School made me disappear. Goodbye... Zach
AEugene - Zachery nobody asked no one to continue tbh.
dchu096 - Heading back to revision
Deleted User - dchu096 nice
dchu096 - Zachery Just dont keep interrupting me thats the best.
Deleted User - AEugene dchu was asking for it indirectly by trying to blame me
dchu096 - With you coming to interrupt cant study
dchu096 - Oh well... Gtg. Cya then. Now im out of your way, type whatever you want then
dchu096 - I just wont be responding afterall (doesnt mean i wont read) unless its something i have to respond
Deleted User - dchu096 responding wont help but ok
dchu096 - makes sense why dual mon exists.. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635228109-538870-gqfmsjumti.png
dchu096 - its just i dont and never will focus on dgg now
JakeAndersan - can we end this once and for all
dchu096 - JakeAndersan wanna say the same
Deleted User - JakeAndersan end it? unless dchu gives a full self made reflection + apology to me and ionetty it will never end
Deleted User - dchu is supposed to be mature but his immature nature caused this
JakeAndersan - dchu its your time to take actions
JakeAndersan - OHHHH
dchu096 - Zachery ... ok you can continue then
JakeAndersan - Dchu you idiot just say sorry this all could have ended way ago
dchu096 - JakeAndersan its only zach says im immature
JakeAndersan - it's a literal word your not gonna be ashamed if you say it
dchu096 - but thanks for telling me that io is part of it. I will look into this case soon about io with comfyy
dchu096 - JakeAndersan its not that simple. Zach cares about his seo saying sorry wont put his seo back in place anyways
Giyu - someone having ego issues
Giyu - 10yo kids can behave better than these retards ngl
JakeAndersan - I understand, I'll go.
dchu096 - Giyu 👀
JakeAndersan - Giyu LAMO
dchu096 - JakeAndersan same
AEugene - Does anyone wanna pray and end the thread?
JakeAndersan - dchu just got retarded RIP
dchu096 - JakeAndersan ?
dchu096 - JakeAndersan you dont know the backend story. and a "sorry" wont make thing better at this case
dchu096 - theres nothing preventing zach's continuous revenge
Deleted User - dchu096 you are immature kiddo your having your huge ego + cant you even spend a bit of time to improve your english?
comfyy - Zachery Look who's saying.
Deleted User - dchu096 continous? mate i dont wanan say this but you are the most retarted and naive and incompetant person ive ever met i never actually took revenge this is the first thread for such a reason all others were to protect myself from you accusing me but you never listen and nothing preventing my revenge? i already gave you a option to say sorry and apologise to me and ionetty and write a reflection
Deleted User - comfyy mate your not involved here your being biased to dchu.
dchu096 - Zachery no need to, thankyou tho. Comfyy is new owner of HR and the topic is... around HR right? so hes involved
comfyy - Zachery I own HostingRemade now. I am involved here.
Deleted User - dchu096 ok sure if you wanna do that he will be held responsible for any problem
dchu096 - and im fine with my english, no need to judge about it. Just because you better at it doesnt mean my English is horrible
dchu096 - Zachery any problem for now on, yes
Deleted User - dchu096 never said your horrible at english just said spend some time to improve your english
Deleted User - dchu096 lets see how long comfyy can handle hosting remade
dchu096 - and yeah forgot how zach just like interrupting my life lmao - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635231715-148834-image.png
dchu096 - Zachery better then me for sure. i got exams to do so i cant put 100% into HR
Deleted User - dchu096 yes
Deleted User - dchu096 btw proof of purchase and registration of hostingremade show it
dchu096 - i should say

stop drinking coffee all time time its not good for your health
FatGrizzly - Zachery What proof sire?
dchu096 - Zachery you mean NZBN?
Deleted User - dchu096 2 times a day aint much but ok point taken
comfyy - Zachery as long as i want to.
Deleted User - dchu096 yes
dchu096 -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635231983-526147-6bgmerrblc.png
dchu096 - Dunno why you asking me for these anyways, do you have like nothing to do
Deleted User - dchu096 thing is shouldnt you be studying rn?
Deleted User - besides comfyy you from New Zealand too?
AEugene - Zachery Take a look at that. English major confirmed.
dchu096 - Zachery well i actually are studying but you ask me for nzbn so... i just post it
Deleted User - dchu096 so your looking at drama.gg instead of focusing?
dchu096 - Zachery dual screen you spamming the thread i can clearly see
Deleted User - dchu096 well heres a tip focus on your english for your exams
dchu096 - Zachery i dont have english for my subject
Giyu - @Sloth this thread has turned into an offtopic crap so can u kindly delete this? this clearly shows Zach made it out of revenge to dchu so this is kinda personal ego issues nothing more, kthx!
Deleted User - Giyu mate, there are actual valid points on the host thus making it related
Deleted User - Giyu and another reason i havent made a thread before is i was trying to help him fix the problems in his host but since hes too stubborn to fix anything and decides to throw me under the bus and makes me take his blame which is ofc unprofessional and a bad service so yes it is applicable
comfyy - Zachery Aight, let me get this over with, what other points, other than WHMCS &amp; Website not being set up properly? Both the website &amp; WHMCS now shows a coming soon &amp; maintenance page.
Deleted User - comfyy the unprofessional staff team
Deleted User - and bad system security
comfyy - Zachery We're firing and hiring some new staff.
Deleted User - @comfyy  ^ also the system security
dchu096 - Zachery our system security arent bad... DO you even know whats called bad?
Deleted User - dchu096 mate you give devs full ssh access and even ree who you met less then a week ago
comfyy - Zachery try to get in Pterodactyl Admin Area.
Deleted User - and all of this is stored in a discord group?
Deleted User - comfyy who needs that when they have ssh
dchu096 - Zachery well not really you cant change user servers on ssh
dchu096 - Zachery go create a server rn and edit the startup tag in ssh..
Deleted User - dchu096 you can delete em all and with ssh you CAN change user servers in the ptero docker directory
dchu096 - Zachery well yes true and... every single one is backed up to hetzner cloud. if you delete i just pull the backup
Deleted User - dchu096 wont help if they steal the data
dchu096 - the hetzner storage box ssh details isnt in the dc group
Deleted User - still they can steal the data thus meaning you just leaked user data
dchu096 - Zachery and... what can they steal tho
Deleted User - which means you CAN get sued
Deleted User - dchu096 files and ips and bot tokens and database info and much more
dchu096 - to steal something theres gonna be something vaulable. you think those free plugins are valuable, you joking
Deleted User - credentials too
dchu096 - Zachery im sure you cant see their email
Deleted User - dchu096 mate you Dumb? plugins dont matter its about user data how dumb are you
Deleted User - dchu096 they can litteraly get access to the database and get that
dchu096 - the ssh details are only to mc nodes you idot... you think i will be stupid enough to put bot nodes ssh public
dchu096 - Zachery And.. the db is on the panel node which they cant access
dchu096 - = they cant steal db. the best they can steal is people's mc plugins which is useless anyways as its free
Deleted User - dchu096 mate even if its to mc nodes users can store data in it such as user data the seeds maybe base locations maybe passwords and much more
dchu096 - and rather download from spigot
Deleted User - dchu096 MATE HOW STUPID ARE YOU
dchu096 - Zachery yeah so you saying comfyy is gonna do this?
dchu096 - i trust my admins with sshs. its fine
Deleted User - ANY DATA LEAKED IS ON YOU if THE WORLD IS LEAKED it means bases leaked
dchu096 - plus most of the passwords dead anyways
Deleted User - no matter what thats still bad security so bad services as a result
dchu096 - Zachery ofc on me. But its not updated so the passwords are invalid anyways
Deleted User - dchu096 ye just like xoomoo you totally didnt get all your files deleted
dchu096 - Zachery just dont drag random guys into that group = ok
dchu096 - Zachery yeah learned that lesson thats why its to people whos trusted by now
Deleted User - dchu096 mate he was your dev
dchu096 - not some random dudes can get into that group
dchu096 - Zachery rn that group is all my admins...
Deleted User - dchu096 mate now your using your "gut" in buisness and when you get raided suddenly its not your fault
Deleted User - so lets add this no precaution taken in securing user data
dchu096 - Zachery plus that idea is changing anyways...

https://ssh.host-with.me

oops, accidentally leaked it but ok, time to setup cf access to it
Deleted User - sshwifty wont matter if they still have access
dchu096 - Zachery well... the password is only locked to me and comfyy
comfyy - Zachery we've reset the passwords.
dchu096 - so it does matter
dchu096 - comfyy yeah that password is only locked to me and comfyy. any issues with that?
Deleted User - comfyy so tell me are devs still gonna have access?
Deleted User - is ree still gonna have access?
dchu096 - Zachery oops, no. Hes a helper anyways
comfyy - Zachery Nope. Only Admins.
comfyy - comfyy Selected* admins.
Deleted User - dchu096 better, comfyy i'd watch out if i were you if a raid happens hes 99% gonna blame you
Deleted User - dchu096 then wtf does he have ssh access?
dchu096 - Zachery ?
dchu096 - Zachery comfyy gets ssh access common thing?
dchu096 - whats wrong with you, comfyy's owner
Deleted User -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635234618-246585-image.png
Deleted User - dchu096 question is whats wrong with you?
dchu096 - Zachery oh thanks, another one to report for using betterdiscord
Deleted User - dchu096 thats pretty stupid if they ban for that
comfyy - Zachery That's old creds. We've updated the creds. As of right now, only Dchu &amp; me have it.
Deleted User - anyways your staff fatgrizz uses better discord too
dchu096 - Zachery its breaking tos so...
Deleted User - dchu096 so ban fatgrizzly one of hosting remades rules is following discord tos afterall
comfyy - Zachery he doesnt use it anymore.
dchu096 - Zachery i have no proof hes using bd. All i know hes complying with rules well but i know you using bd so yeah...
Xmomoo - lmfao, imagine
Tomas - Why is this Zachery kid always out to get this lot?

Isn't he 18 - obviously mentally still a 3 year old - why is he hanging around with kids that are like 4/5 years younger than him? That's a bit strange imo
T-fex - Zachery u think that ur Jealous ig that ur like my friend but ur wrong here Dchu is a good guy u also but as i said ur jealous u need power and when they declined u, u got frustrated and doing this 

see Zachery ur a great guy ig they gave u a chance also but a person can get 1 chance they did wrong from me also but i didn't do that. come on Zachery end this now ik that u know not Dchu every Owner or           
 Co-owner  are very good. 
 
 all from my side 
 t-fex aka ophydra21
jesse - i call call Zach a'kiddo'.
 why? bc he acts like a 14yo boy who doesn't have parents that showed him maners
 or just block him lol
Deleted User - Tomas dchu is 19...
Deleted User - jesse mate first work on your grammar
Deleted User - T-fex mate you clearly dont have a clue what happened im jealous? Mate i litteraly have forgiven dchu for marking the same mistake of accusing me like 10+ times he never learned
Deleted User - T-fex declined  me? Mate HostingRemade is litteraly the worst host i know why would i ever want to work there the only reason i even decided to even join hosting remade again is because dchu apologised but turned out he never truly meant it
Deleted User - jesse mate you do realise you have no idea about anything happening here because to you dchu is the person who gave you a free server
dchu096 - Zachery 👀 more like dont wreck someones smp 😉
dchu096 - Zachery very personal opinion. if you dont like it then dont care about it. dgg isnt platfoms for shitpost like this
dchu096 - im sure xoomoo hate me too! For saying he ruined my user datas via ssh. Why dont you like him just ignore this host ever exists
dchu096 - but decide to start 7 thread of revenge cuz of stupid seo...
dchu096 - so time consuming 🥱
dchu096 - and... wheres your multi pov document, send it here. I bet you didnt write it.
dchu096 - unless you writing rn which is impossible
dchu096 - if you dont like something dont care about it. dgg is for exposing fraud hostings not a shitty forum for revenge for scumbags like you to exist zach
Deleted User - dchu096 shitpost? mate your the one shitposting i brought in a proper thread what did you do? make a alt called ivanmodric which is against community rules and not only that
and next you want me to ignore you? mate your the one who accused me of ddosing you when i was minding my own buisness so you dragged this onto yourself
Deleted User - dchu096 mate i have no time for your nonsense just calling people scum bags wont work you have no valid points which make me said "scum bag"
Deleted User - dchu096 i said in 1 day, it hasnt even been 24 hrs
Deleted User - @Robert @dchu096  made a alt Called IvanModric which is against drama.gg guidelines
Deleted User - dchu096 and dchu wanna know how i know? its pretty simple and thats how stupid you are IvanModric is not BlueBois name and such terms is far beyond bluebois dictionary and not only that not even BlueBoi is that childish so next time if your gonna try to make such a lie try to be smarter about it
Deleted User - dchu096 and yes i am writing it
Deleted User - dchu096 dchu im not lazy like you
dchu096 - Zachery ivanmodric isnt even me..

talking about alts, you have hostkiller123, r6_clapz, zachery...

maybe id look at yourself on how many alts you have compared to me..
dchu096 - Zachery oh? i could tell him to make a alt and tell him what to type 😉 might be beyond blueboi's dict but he sure can search up ivanmodric and copy whatever he said and repost
Deleted User - dchu096 mate admit it no use hiding it
dchu096 - Zachery im saying the truth, im not fucking ivanmodric
dchu096 - im fucking mavin
Deleted User - dchu096 those alts were accs i no longer have access to and the anonymous account, hostkiller is for me to post anonymously
Deleted User - dchu096 ooo
dchu096 - Zachery well still... mavin account is for me to post anonymous too. If you can do it i can too
Deleted User - now you have proved that you have infact used alts wrong fully by this i mean hate speech and impersonation
Deleted User - dchu096 "anonymous" lmao mate you just did hate speech and impersonation
Deleted User - now ik your both ivanmodric and mavin
dchu096 - Zachery Hmm 👀 i search up ivanmodric and copy what he says and paste and act like im an idiot on that account. If i act normal you gonna see its me in seconds
Deleted User - now all thats left of the document is nicholas's POV
dchu096 - Zachery ???????????

im both dchu096 and mavin
Deleted User - dchu096 but i saw you in seconds even when you acted like an idiot lol
Deleted User - dchu096 tbh you are a idiot
dchu096 - i dont even have access to ivanmodric, none of my account point of it
dchu096 - Zachery not as acting as blueboi tho
dchu096 - yes, i did broke dgg guidelines.

how about you? dgg guidelines and discord tos
dchu096 - Zachery yeah, sure go write it. Mentally and physically dont care.
Deleted User - dchu096 your grammar pls work on it and next it is your account but you probs lost access somehow because both ivanmodric and mavin speak the same way "idioticaly"
dchu096 - Zachery i said before. i copy and paste what he says... and make it even more idiotic
Deleted User - holy 563 posts!? mate why did you have to bring so many kids in
Deleted User - dchu096 ive confirmed ivanmodric is NOT blueboi and anyone who supports you like that is def you
dchu096 - Zachery ???????????? Its a open forum, if you wanna ruin my seo best chance! Title not changed so its not ruining HR seo so bad fit your needs anyways
dchu096 - Zachery Hmm but you are not lying as ivanmodric isnt me! Dont need to copy and paste what he said if thats me
Deleted User - dchu096 your english confuses me
dchu096 - Oh wow we really made drama.gg a shitposting forum
dchu096 - @Sloth Maybe a good idea to close this
dchu096 - Zachery not even have perfect english like you, dumbass
Deleted User - nope @Sloth do not close this thread there are valid points on HostingRemade and much more and more coming
Deleted User - dchu096 your english still confuses me
dchu096 - Zachery Ahh.. @Sloth  Read it. its a talking thread rn. not a exposting thread
Deleted User - dchu096 read the start until dchu brought in kids
dchu096 - Zachery oh?  i bought in. wow,,, stop accusing. its a public forum they can come if they want. I only told them about this thread with everyone ping im sure its entirely their decision to register. Ok go forcefully make some register 😏 , impossible.
Deleted User - mate just listen this is getting childish you might aswell confess and apologise and this can end without us posting the docs
Deleted User - its probs better for your rep then if we post
dchu096 - Zachery Its already on top of google of HR. If you talking about seo its already ruined feel free to post that document by now. My rep? Mentally and physically dont care. But i did make a promise to myself of never apologizing to zachery and im not eating my words
dchu096 - so stop trying to ask me to confess, you wont be able to get my mouth open to apologies to scumbags like you
Deleted User - scumbags? pfft lets see whats the others think when we post it
dchu096 - Zachery Mentally and physically dont care
dchu096 - Even io  performs way better then you
dchu096 - im sure he can run a host well. you will only pull him down if you are the ceo/coo
Deleted User - dchu096 pull him down? oh we will see..
dchu096 - so @Sloth if you wondering what happened with these heres 1 message that makes everything clear and understandable.

Zachery hates me due to i ruined his seo and due to he unable to contact me on discord he decide to use drama.gg as a revenge forum to also pull my seo down. He mentions about HR due to i run HR and if he need to bring me down he think HR is a good place to target.
Deleted User - dchu096 ofc hes very good at what he does, i wouldnt even be suprised if he does perform better then me because hes not as naive and incompetent as you.
Deleted User - dchu096 by exposing your host ofc
dchu096 - Zachery im sure you are very incompetent too zach
dchu096 - image dgg used to revenge... this is personal ego issues and you decide to find a way to revenge on a place where it doesnt work
dchu096 - If you really think dgg works fine for revenge, sure go ahead to revenge on dgg but im telling you here its gonna end worse
Deleted User - dchu096 i do admit i am incompetent as certain areas but i learn from my experiences for example nagisa i can say i was a bit harsh because i mostly play in anarchy servers so im not really used to the peace but after looking back i have learnt from my mistakes because i can relate and i can understand thats something i have which differentiates you and me
Deleted User - dchu096 end worse for you? sure
dchu096 - Zachery you too!
dchu096 - starting a war using dgg you really think its gonna work?
dchu096 - Zachery i learn from my way, but as also means theres no need for you to track what im doing everyday. Personal privacy exists
dchu096 - Zachery and... ddosing nagisa using thepython? what can you say about it
dchu096 - imagine intentionally overloading my spectrum
dchu096 - trying to make me bankrupt wont work
Deleted User - dchu096 true i am making a fool out of myself but ive had enough of your nonsense accusing me is ok i can forgive you but accusing ionetty too? he works 3x as hard as you for YOUR host and he has always been there for you
Deleted User - dchu096 proof?
Deleted User - dchu096 bankrupt? what do i get from that
Deleted User - see? exactly what i said you like to accuse people so much
dchu096 - Zachery never accuses him. hes a good person, as always
dchu096 - Zachery gimme 48h i will go dig into nagisa logs to find that image
Deleted User - dchu096 its not a war(thats what it feels liketo you) for me im merely stating points to expose you
dchu096 - Zachery so HR packdown so dawnhost can just use HR as a bad example to get ahead?
Deleted User - dchu096 screenshots wont do there must be valid proof such as message id + inv to nagisa so people can go verify
Deleted User - dchu096 mate your host isnt even a challenge for dawnhost
dchu096 - Zachery oh really ok i can provide msg ids and invite, no problem with that
dchu096 - Zachery good luck then
dchu096 - Zachery 48h i can get that all sorted nice and clear
Deleted User - dchu096 sure
dchu096 - but im not trying to guarantee that its in a private channel tho. but if the members really need to verify then yes, ask me
dchu096 - Honestly these can be dealt in whatsapp . Zachery  dm me on whatsapp (not telegram, not discord) whatsapp only if you need to deal with this in a nice way. This is my last line of sorting this out in a nice way too
Deleted User - and btw give me one good reason that would benefit me from ddosing nagisa you do realise hamei/eclipse has token logged one of the admins and was about to nuke the whole of nagisa but who do you think stopped her from nuking nagisa to nothing? me
dchu096 - if you dont want to DM, no worries then lets continue what we doing then
Deleted User - mate your the one not wanting to dm + even if you dm unless you apologise to ionetty and me then confess i will not stop this.
dchu096 - Zachery If this is whatsapp i would have confessed. but this is dgg!
Deleted User - dchu096 whatsapp? mate whats the point of confessing if no one except me sees it
dchu096 - Zachery See? Thats the point. but thats the 2 option i do. whatsapp and end this nicely or dgg and a non ending thing
dchu096 - sure either way im fine anyways. Its just whether you wanna end it nicely or badly
dchu096 - not making decision here. Im gonna throw it at you
dchu096 - Good luck picking the right one
Deleted User - dchu096 yk what ill throw you two options discord or drama.gg if you dont wanna pick, drama.gg it is but even if you pick discord unless you apologise and confess i aint stopping the thread
dchu096 - Zachery not discord, whatsapp or dgg. you pick
Deleted User - dchu096 drama.gg it is
dchu096 - Zachery ok then. If you so reluctant on using whatsapp then dgg it is
dchu096 - Ig its you dont live in sg (or not using a sg mobile number) so you wanna hide your location right...? 💢
dchu096 - I have said. im fine with whatsapp thats all im not gonna block you on. take it or leave it, all i know
Deleted User - dchu096 reluctant* not relucent
dchu096 - Zachery ok a typo. let me update
Deleted User - dchu096 mate eugene has comfirmed where i live besides timezones too.
dchu096 - Zachery oh you could have told eugene to lie
dchu096 - i cant proof you made in sg. dm me on whatsapp then. your phone number can never lie on whatsapp
Deleted User - dchu096 mate i dont need to prove anything to you. and i value privacy unlike you
dchu096 - Zachery same here. i do care about my privacy too. you are the person whos exposing it by searching my address up on my own pc..
Deleted User - 10 peope with spa is just stupid so much people with access to user data on such a small host
Deleted User - Zachery this says otherwise
dchu096 - Zachery well proof we have 10 spas?
Deleted User - dchu096 its old but yes
dchu096 - Zachery from mehost, yes? from HR, no
Deleted User - besides i remember i was the one who even told you to cut down on spa
dchu096 - gimme a proof on Hosting Remade that we have 10spa on our panel right now. when i get my phone to login when i get home i will show my end
dchu096 - Zachery and... we have 4spas? excluding you
dchu096 - so 5 spas. wheres the other 5 then
dchu096 - comfyy, fatgrizzly, me, io when you still here
Deleted User - dchu096 ree and much more
dchu096 - and when rn io is no longer part of HR so we have me, comfyy, fatgrizzly
Deleted User - ssh is even bigger
dchu096 - Zachery oops, she dont have cf access so theres no way he can have spa. spa without cf access is meaningless
Deleted User - ree is not a she its a he
dchu096 - Zachery ssh to some empty nodes i have? its fine mate
Deleted User - you just assumed his gender
dchu096 - Zachery i made a typo.
Deleted User - dchu096 your whole host is a typo
dchu096 - Zachery well ive had calls with him. i can see hes a 'he'. Not assuming his gender lol. Its fine to make a typo while you listening to your teacher while talking on dgg
Deleted User - your host has caused nothing more then drama to you, me and ionetty
dchu096 - Zachery i said before, HR is a hobby thing but you are just too reluctant to believe
dchu096 - and decide to contiue youw way of framing me
dchu096 - until i quit the industry
dchu096 - so... you really think its possible
dchu096 - good luck then
Deleted User - dchu096 frame you?, mate the only one framing here is YOU
Deleted User - dchu for god sake stop playing the victim card
Deleted User - ooo 666 posts…
dchu096 - Zachery oh such a nice number, now 667
dchu096 - Zachery i am the victim here. this post is revenge from zachery -&gt; dchu not dchu -&gt; zach
dchu096 - im pretty sure im not the thread starter
dchu096 - oh wow 669 posts
dchu096 - maybe its good idea to bring this above falix's posts
dchu096 - i personally wouldnt mind to do this if zach dont stop
dchu096 - he already missed the chance of dming me on whatsapp anyways. Give him the chance he didnt take it, good one.
Deleted User - dchu096 bro are you right in the head?, so you think you can just blame staff of doing stuff even when they did so much work for you to keep your host afloat and you they cant expose your host? mate all me and ionetty ever tried was helping hostingremade fix its errors you never let us and according to the guidelines of drama.gg first contact the host and if the host refuses to change then make a thread thats what ive done
Deleted User - dchu096 missed the chance?
dchu096 - Zachery keep hr aflot? i think zachery is the person trying to sink hr's boat!
Deleted User - dchu096 its gave him the chance* not give him the chance he did not take it
Deleted User - dchu096 damm bro you truly are messed up
dchu096 - Zachery no. im totally right rn. think you might have drunk too much coffee to make up stoies
Deleted User - i forgave you, worked on partnerships, managed finances, managed work flow and i become the person trying to ruin hr?
Deleted User - dchu096 stories* not stoies and if your saying im making up lies why not we ask nicholas and ionetty
Deleted User - so your saying we are all lying?
dchu096 - Zachery do you really think 'ruin' means go in a break it? Ruin can be being their admin just to get informations so they have enough infos to ruin things
dchu096 - Zachery i was fine dealing with xenc until io started asking for nicholas ip and you calling this my fault?
Deleted User - dchu096 yes now your blaming him tho you do realise being the OWNER you never took it into your hands to manage workflow
dchu096 - and yes, afterall you and io team up and put the problem on me, you think i would trust you again?
Deleted User - thats on YOU
Deleted User - dchu096 why would i ever need your trust your trust means nothing
dchu096 - Zachery who deal with human resource at that time? Zachery
dchu096 - WHy blaming me when the human resource was online but doing nothing and no reports
Deleted User - dchu096 problem on you? no after you put the problem on us we put it back on you because its YOUR responsibility
Deleted User - dchu096 mate i already said AFK and you being the owner should TAKE OVER
dchu096 - Zachery i dont need your trust too
Deleted User - online? mate i left to get coffee and i already informed you on it
dchu096 - after you sunk mehost and now trying to sunk HR. remember that sentence?

"Restaurants reopening? lets ruin it again. " -zach
Deleted User - and you said "ok"
Deleted User - dchu096 yes i still remember that but what did i do? being the better person i forgave you
dchu096 - Zachery ofc i said ok. if i dont said ok then this thread would have started from that point
dchu096 - Zachery wym, you trying to sunk the boat cuz i ruined your seo? Have some common sense
dchu096 - seo isnt the end mate
dchu096 - The boat arent that easy to sunk now after you sunk it 6 times
Deleted User - dchu096 nope not for my SEO sinking the boat because your host wont learn and drama.gg guidelines to expose hosts so yes
Deleted User - dchu096 700+ posts!??
Deleted User - 300 posts in 2 hrs !??
dchu096 - Zachery nothing to expose. The person that should be exposed is zachery
Deleted User - from us both alone
dchu096 - who ruin someones boat 6 times
dchu096 - due to that little seo lost
Deleted User - dchu096 as i said your host never learned so yes
dchu096 - Zachery ahh... guess dgg discord#updates  rn is totally a mess
Deleted User - if you still think its all about that your gravely mistaken
Deleted User - dchu096 yes.
dchu096 - Zachery we do learn how to prevent persons like zachery to exist in our infra
dchu096 - We not allowing zachery to sunk the boat again. all i know
dchu096 - Apologizing and unbanning you from HR will only allow you to sunk it again
dchu096 - Not tolerating this to happen once again
Deleted User - dchu096 sink*
Deleted User - dchu096 i our infra?
Deleted User - dchu096 mate i dont even need a unban hostingremade is as good as dead
dchu096 - Zachery sunk. Its past tense
Deleted User - dchu096 people* not persons
Deleted User - dchu096 the way you used it makes it present tense
dchu096 - Zachery uhh did you not read the new edit
Deleted User - dchu096 its still wrong lmao
dchu096 - Zachery its single person
Deleted User - dchu tell me the truth are you really 19?
Deleted User - dchu096 mate your english… its just sad..
dchu096 - Zachery yes
dchu096 - Zachery now i dont think you sounded like 18 any chance
Deleted User - here https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi_nrzVwenzAhVc6XMBHd52AfsQFnoECCIQAQ&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.studyinnewzealand.govt.nz%2Fstudy-options%2Flearn-english%2F&amp;usg=AOvVaw1rw_DlCkfNAXDYW-CtEAu6
Deleted User - your probs going to need that
dchu096 - Zachery its fine, learning while typing
Deleted User - dchu096 would say the same to you.
dchu096 - Zachery i rather take grammly to do it
dchu096 - Zachery zachery isnt 18, all i know
dchu096 - I got proof im 19 but im sure zach dont have
Deleted User - dchu096 then you would never learn
dchu096 - Zachery its my choice anyways no need  to teach me!!
Deleted User - dchu096 there is no need for you to teach me*
dchu096 - Zachery its ok understandable have a nice day
dchu096 - Drama.gg isnt a classroom. Its a forum
dchu096 - This is not classroom.gg is it
Deleted User - well children like you need education.
Deleted User - i have work and ig ima go out for a while i need a break.
dchu096 - Zachery same to you
dchu096 - The teachers need to teach you manners
Deleted User - dchu096 and your parents need to teach you basic common sense and how to behave, litteraly framing others for your misdeeds? pfft.
Deleted User - anyways bye im out.
dchu096 - Zachery i got common sense and i behave well in both home and school. I dont meed them to tell me that
dchu096 - Zachery you better not come back
dchu096 - Talking to you waste of my datas too. You probably have data to spare i dont
Deleted User - dchu096 data*
Deleted User - dchu096 correct way: Talking to you is a waste of my data, you probably have data to spare but i don’t
dchu096 - Zachery no its not 1
dchu096 - Zachery hmmm... Thanks
dchu096 - Let me install grammarly rn
dchu096 - Ok done so I got Grammarly rn. Ahhhh... G board is much better anyways in terms of customization
dchu096 - Well whatever it is what it is
dchu096 - Anyway, without you trying to sink my boat daily I can do so much
dchu096 - Zachary is always a troublesome person.
dchu096 - Ahh, we are finally higher than falixnodes. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635302814-750361-screenshot-2021-10-27-15-45-33-91-40deb401b9ffe8e1df2f1cc5ba480b12.jpg
dchu096 - Honestly, if Zachary wanna ruin her I guess inviting more people here actually benefit him
dchu096 - Tbh, I don't know what to do rn after each decides to keep ruining my life due to that fucking SEO.
dchu096 - Zach, don't lie. You say I don't learn but from how long I have talked with you I clearly see you put SEO in the first place
dchu096 - Wanna hear? You trying to run dawnhost and a crappy SEO won't help you. That's why you trying to drag me down thinking your SEO will improve.
dchu096 - So being able to run dawnhost at least not with a crappy SEO is why you trying to revenge me rn
dchu096 - You could have started this revenge months ago but you left it there doing nothing and until you started dawnhost and decide that SEO matters that's why you told Eugene you gonna dgg me so you can drag my SEO down so bad
dchu096 - There's nothing for you to lie about at this point. This is the truth
dchu096 - Well there's nothing more I can say

Right now standing in the middle of the road with cars going in front and back of me.

Zachary doesn't wanna end this, it's fine I will as well end it myself. 

Goodbye zach, I will see you on the other side of the world
SnailDOS - gaming god
Deleted User - dchu096 mans dramatic
SnailDOS - Zachery no not really, you are ruining his SEO
Deleted User - SnailDOS its a already ruined SEO + he deserves it
comfyy - Zachery 
Not exactly. btw, go check up on the kids in your basement. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635304553-217805-image.png
Deleted User - comfyy true i should probs feed them about now.
Deleted User - comfyy not done yet
comfyy - Zachery No he's not. You're just being a straight-up rude person.
Deleted User - comfyy so im the rude person for defending io netty and myself + forgiving dchu so many times when he framed me?
Deleted User - im already a very chill person by nature but if it has gone so far you know why.
Deleted User - i already feel bad for dchu but if he never learns its going to bite him in the back later
Deleted User - youve been supporting him all this time but have you ever looked at it from either mine or ionetty's pov
comfyy - Ah! Yes! Zach is a English major. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635305153-214669-image.png
comfyy - Zachery you're just salty that you got fired.
Deleted User - comfyy its a typo
Deleted User - comfyy salty? mate there is absolutely no benefits from working at hostingremade
comfyy - tbh, I warned Dchu to not hire you after you blocked the SPA.
Deleted User - well here it is, dchu could have benefitted from hiring me but decided to test his luck and frame me so heres the result. it was basically a double edged sword
dchu096 - Should have listened to comfyy...
comfyy - Zachery yeah. Lying to Ryan that you had the top role, and requesting DDOS attacks for staff? yeah. No benefits.
Deleted User - dchu096 yes you should have. now you are facing the consequences. yk even if i was the one being framed i would have let you go but you accused ionetty the one person who worked so hard on your host
comfyy - well, everyone knows you're shit. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635305426-371920-image.png
Deleted User - comfyy top role? in exchange for ddos? no
comfyy - Zachery https://drama.gg/d/962-zachery-0007-twilight-client-requesting-ddos-attacks/34
Deleted User - comfyy id look at dchu before saying im shit at my job.
dchu096 - Zachery you do shit at doing your job
Deleted User - dchu096 and you are shit at english and shit at your job
dchu096 - Working for finance didn't improve my finance anyways so I call that a useless job and made no effort
dchu096 - Zachery comfy is right, you are straight rude at this point
Deleted User - dchu096 by shit you mean getting partnerships which the whole staff team couldn't do? and with a smaller offer
Deleted User - dchu096 id rather be rude then kind to you at this point
Deleted User - you have lost all empathy from me
dchu096 - Zachery I can see... And I'm not in the mood to talk to you. I will leave it up to netsafe
comfyy - https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/833241741544128543/901303636976599080/Screenshot_2021-10-23-14-41-42-92_948cd9899890cbd5c2798760b2b95377.png?width=1040&amp;height=670 imagine threatning.
eraters - that is the longest message ive seen a 5th grader able to write
comfyy - eraters lmao
dchu096 - ive really just enough enough at this point honestly.

HDCA... i think is the last option i can do.

I already wasted money on hosting if wont hurt to consult a lawyer
Deleted User - dchu096 sure.
IoNetty - Hey, here's my response, pissed off atm.

First off, HostingRemade is unreliable, look at the video attached. I crashed the wings in seconds. SSH also crashed with that.

Second verse, HostingRemade uses Contabo for a good 50% of there servers, here's your proof by the way, image attached and here are the ips. 
DE2 = 161.97.184.3 SG1 = 194.233.73.113

Third verse, Downtime. Do you know how many times I had to work all nighters to setup DDos protection? We still have downtimes and 90% of the time Pterodactyl Wings don't even work due to Cloudflare.

Fourth verse, Never get's things done. I have asked dchu to do things and they never get done. A prime example of this is the WHMCS theme / template and the HostingRemade website. It's still not done to this day.

Fifth verse, Same password, FOR EVERYTHING. Did you know that almost all of the HostingRemade dedicated server's and vpses use the same password? Yea you heard right, it's legit true! It's pretty confusing isn't it?

Sixth verse, Over allocation. Images are attached.







If you need anything else please let me know - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635311655-28751-image.png
IoNetty - Hey, here's my response, pissed off atm.

First off, HostingRemade is unreliable, look at the video attached. I crashed the wings in seconds. SSH also crashed with that.

Second verse, HostingRemade uses Contabo for a good 50% of there servers, here's your proof by the way, image attached and here are the ips. 
DE2 = 161.97.184.3 SG1 = 194.233.73.113

Third verse, Downtime. Do you know how many times I had to work all nighters to setup DDos protection? We still have downtimes and 90% of the time Pterodactyl Wings don't even work due to Cloudflare.

Fourth verse, Never get's things done. I have asked dchu to do things and they never get done. A prime example of this is the WHMCS theme / template and the HostingRemade website. It's still not done to this day.

Fifth verse, Same password, FOR EVERYTHING. Did you know that almost all of the HostingRemade dedicated server's and vpses use the same password? Yea you heard right, it's legit true! It's pretty confusing isn't it?

Sixth verse, Over allocation. Images are attached.







If you need anything else please let me know - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635311662-705493-image.png
IoNetty - Hey, here's my response, pissed off atm.

First off, HostingRemade is unreliable, look at the video attached. I crashed the wings in seconds. SSH also crashed with that.

Second verse, HostingRemade uses Contabo for a good 50% of there servers, here's your proof by the way, image attached and here are the ips. 
DE2 = 161.97.184.3 SG1 = 194.233.73.113

Third verse, Downtime. Do you know how many times I had to work all nighters to setup DDos protection? We still have downtimes and 90% of the time Pterodactyl Wings don't even work due to Cloudflare.

Fourth verse, Never get's things done. I have asked dchu to do things and they never get done. A prime example of this is the WHMCS theme / template and the HostingRemade website. It's still not done to this day.

Fifth verse, Same password, FOR EVERYTHING. Did you know that almost all of the HostingRemade dedicated server's and vpses use the same password? Yea you heard right, it's legit true! It's pretty confusing isn't it?

Sixth verse, Over allocation. Images are attached.







If you need anything else please let me know - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635311666-233421-image.png
IoNetty - Hey, here's my response, pissed off atm.

First off, HostingRemade is unreliable, look at the video attached. I crashed the wings in seconds. SSH also crashed with that.

Second verse, HostingRemade uses Contabo for a good 50% of there servers, here's your proof by the way, image attached and here are the ips. 
DE2 = 161.97.184.3 SG1 = 194.233.73.113

Third verse, Downtime. Do you know how many times I had to work all nighters to setup DDos protection? We still have downtimes and 90% of the time Pterodactyl Wings don't even work due to Cloudflare.

Fourth verse, Never get's things done. I have asked dchu to do things and they never get done. A prime example of this is the WHMCS theme / template and the HostingRemade website. It's still not done to this day.

Fifth verse, Same password, FOR EVERYTHING. Did you know that almost all of the HostingRemade dedicated server's and vpses use the same password? Yea you heard right, it's legit true! It's pretty confusing isn't it?

Sixth verse, Over allocation. Images are attached.







If you need anything else please let me know - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635311670-66643-image.png
IoNetty - Hey, here's my response, pissed off atm.

First off, HostingRemade is unreliable, look at the video attached. I crashed the wings in seconds. SSH also crashed with that.

Second verse, HostingRemade uses Contabo for a good 50% of there servers, here's your proof by the way, image attached and here are the ips. 
DE2 = 161.97.184.3 SG1 = 194.233.73.113

Third verse, Downtime. Do you know how many times I had to work all nighters to setup DDos protection? We still have downtimes and 90% of the time Pterodactyl Wings don't even work due to Cloudflare.

Fourth verse, Never get's things done. I have asked dchu to do things and they never get done. A prime example of this is the WHMCS theme / template and the HostingRemade website. It's still not done to this day.

Fifth verse, Same password, FOR EVERYTHING. Did you know that almost all of the HostingRemade dedicated server's and vpses use the same password? Yea you heard right, it's legit true! It's pretty confusing isn't it?

Sixth verse, Over allocation. Images are attached.







If you need anything else please let me know - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-27/1635311674-78102-image.png
IoNetty - Oh yea, here's the video

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/902391793402933248/902783331769397258/HumPOct7Xx.mp4
dchu096 - IoNetty mistakes happen when updating the node to debian 11
Deleted User - dchu096 not this level of mistakes my man
Deleted User - and you also knew about it but never bothered to patch it you call this reliable?
IoNetty - If you had a SLA I would have been given 100$ on how much your downtime is
dchu096 - Well over allocating won't matter if you watching htop daily basis
IoNetty - .. It matters, if every user starts using what there given there goes a load.
dchu096 - IoNetty it's a beta stage expect it
Deleted User - dchu096 still over allocated
IoNetty - I don't have screenshots but last time I checked the swap on your servers are pretty high.
IoNetty - dchu096 Beta?? Then why are you selling shit? You never said beta!
dchu096 - IoNetty yeah and if I monitor htop and see there's a load then I cut it off
IoNetty - So you would change customers resources. You failed the social test
dchu096 - IoNetty so you too dumb to know. If we are stable rn won't waste time to deal with cf
dchu096 - IoNetty no? I change the pricing
dchu096 - Or stop selling on that node
IoNetty - Can't change the pricing when people are still new into there month, so your saying load for the whole month.
IoNetty - dchu096 While its overloaded? It's already overloaded, they can't deal with that. There customers. They paid for this service
IoNetty - dchu096 Right.. Even though your whole panel is behind it.
dchu096 - IoNetty why make it idle.. Most of the users free anyways cutting their resource won't matter if they have a matter they can leave
dchu096 - IoNetty oh, I can show htop. It's barely loaded
IoNetty - dchu096 So now your proving that your in a loss. Last time I saw your financial sheets you were going in debt because of this
IoNetty - dchu096 Ahem.. It's bairly loaded right now because there's no servers on it due to your downtime crashing them all. Over allocating is still bad.
dchu096 - IoNetty I am. I do admit and..? Why do you care
IoNetty - If your in debt you can't run it. Good luck getting your bank giving you a loan for something that has put you into loss.
IoNetty - “The saddest thing about betrayal is that it never comes from enemies, it comes from those you trust the most.” - XXXTENTACION
dchu096 - IoNetty thanks for telling
dchu096 - IoNetty guess stop listening to that song
dchu096 - I guess I was too dumb to know you 2 afterall
IoNetty - dchu096 Atleast it's true, unlike HostingRemade's promises.
comfyy - Response. 
IoNetty SG1 = 194.233.73.113

SG1 is no longer used by HostingRemade. It's Dchus personal VPS for the Nagisa SMP.

IoNetty Second verse, HostingRemade uses Contabo for a good 50% of there servers, here's your proof by the way, image attached and here are the ips. 
DE2 = 161.97.184.3 SG1 = 194.233.73.113

As of right now, only DE2 is Contabo.

IoNetty Fifth verse, Same password, FOR EVERYTHING. Did you know that almost all of the HostingRemade dedicated server's and vpses use the same password? Yea you heard right, it's legit true! It's pretty confusing isn't it?



I don't know about MC &amp; Bot since I never really looked into it, but I can say without a doubt that the Web Hosting node, that we're using now is a randomized password that only Dchu, FatGrizzly &amp; I know. 

It's on a maintenance mode page right now because we're deciding the pricing.

PS: It wasn't Dchu that fired you, it was me.
comfyy - If you have any other questions please do let me know here, or in Discord, comfyyy#4663
IoNetty - comfyy I already know that you fired me. The WHMCS &amp; more still isnt done.
IoNetty - comfyy Right. What about the overallocation? What about my server has restarted 5 times within the week? What about the yellow errors?
IoNetty - Your nodes are less stable then my donut supply.
comfyy - IoNetty As I said before, we're still deciding the pricing. WHMCS also is in maintenance mode.
comfyy - IoNetty Nodes are changing. New SysAdmins are coming.
IoNetty - comfyy I could see that, what about the free servers that should be "paid"? I told dchu to deal with them, still aren't dealt with.
IoNetty - comfyy Bit too late
comfyy - IoNetty Dchu is no longer owner, I am.  All Free nodes will be suspended after backups are taken and given to the free clients.
comfyy - IoNetty Late is better than never.
IoNetty - comfyy I can doubt that. Dchu is probably behind the scenes, he left so the pressure isn't his problem.
comfyy - IoNetty It will be dealt with in the coming week. I just took charge.
IoNetty - comfyy Have you seen the reputation your company has gotten from this thread? I got MEHost to rebrand to HostingRemade and the reputation is already ruined. How many times do I have to point you in the right direction.
IoNetty - comfyy Alrighty, i'll be looking.
comfyy - IoNetty ofc he's behind the scenes working. I am leading it.
IoNetty - comfyy You said you bought it out, whatever.
IoNetty - dchu096 Your account holder for everything, if you wanted you could nuke HostingRemade.
comfyy - IoNetty I bought it out, I assigned him as an Admin.
dchu096 - IoNetty why would I... No reason to
IoNetty - comfyy Show me the payment.
IoNetty - I can already asume that it was transferred off of dchu to get the pressure off, like come on.
comfyy - IoNetty One min, lemme get the pp transaction.
comfyy - IoNetty Partly. I got it for a cheap price, so I don't really care.
dchu096 - IoNetty impossible. I give it to comfyy cuz he can do better than me not to take pressure off
Deleted User - dchu096 nothing is impossible an example of this is your impossible level of incompetence
dchu096 - Zachery you know... You typing nonsense rn. The grammar doesn't make sense. Go get Grammarly
dchu096 - An impossible example is talking to zach. Good enough
Deleted User - dchu096 mate id look at your grammar before looking at mine because even with grammarly your grammar is just... not applicable besides the reason it doesnt make sense is that your too dumb to understand.
Deleted User - dchu096 impossible example? your talking with me rn mate 🤣
