TheAlex - Well, first of all, after you join a server, do make sure they have TOS and a Privacy Policy. It is also better if they are registered as a company, but that is an optional step, some don't have the money/the age to open a company

Check how well do they speak english

If they don't speak english/they speak with a very shitty spelling they are most likely 12

Check if they have reviews

Better if they have trustpilot, but if they don't, they should have a review/vouch channel in their discord server. Try to see if that is something a normal human will do

Check how old their service is

On average the older, the better, if a host managed to survive for more than 4/5 months without any issue they are probably legit

Ask for a free trial 

Again, if they offer one. Run diagnostics and try to see if they over-allocate or if they lie about their hardware. Over-allocation is usually shit and if they do that, leave them immediately

If the owner's name is Plexed or Badsk, leave immediately.

Come on, let's be real here. He will dataleak and close, no doubt about that

Do they use freenom?

If they do use freenom go away. If you can pay for your node uptme and can't pay like 20 $ a year get the fuck out

Do they use WHMCS? Is it nulled?

If they use WHMCS, check if the theme is nulled or no. Again, if you have the money to run a node, and dont have the money to pay 20$ a month you shouldn't be running a host

Do they  give invite rewards?

If they do, leave them and report to discord. Please

Do they hate drama.gg?

If in one of their rules they express their not happiness with d.gg they are not clear. 

Do they ask to pay with crypto?

If they do, leave them. What kinda retard pays 20$ in crypto a month? come on now

_ BONUS ROUND_
Can they provide proof of invoices?

If they can, you know they aren't scamming anyone. At least, i think. If they say that "they gotta wait some time to get the invoice" or "i have many accounts, let me find it" They are carding, leave them

Are they indian?

While i have no issue with indians whatsoever watch out for indian kids that dont know how to write. On average You will get scammed


I hope that this guide has helped you not get scammed. If i missed something, do let me know and i will add it here
PolyAnthi - TheAlex What is wrong with invite rewards? Nowhere in Discord TOS is it stated that you cannot make legitimate invite reward servers.
Chirag - TheAlex What kinda retard pays 20$ in crypto a month? 

me.
Chirag - TheAlex If they don't speak english/they speak with a very shitty spelling they are most likely 12

shouldn't be something you should judge on, you also have quite a lot of grammar mistakes in this post.
Tomas - TheAlex If they don't speak english/they speak with a very shitty spelling they are most likely 12

Or from a country with poor english
Aaron_ - Having shit spelling has nothing to do with the age of the user.
TheAlex - Aaron_ ehhhhh kind of
Never seen a skid that doesnt do grammar mistakes on discord
Aaron_ - TheAlex So kids who makes grammar mistakes are skids?
TheAlex - Aaron_ Why should a kid run a host? get real here aaron. If a kid is running a host he is either abusing free trials or he has so much experience that he wouldnt be making a mistake
Aaron_ - TheAlex If they don't speak english/they speak with a very shitty spelling they are most likely 12

You are making it seem like people should judge others based on their grammar skills which is hilarious.
Aaron_ - TheAlex We are not talking about age, We are talking aboutIf they don't speak english/they speak with a very shitty spelling they are most likely 12
Sky - TheAlex lol I actually like enjoy this thread-

however, some of it is false.

If they don't speak english/they speak with a very shitty spelling they are most likely 12

I get your point with this, but at the same time anyone can have shit spelling and they can be in their 20's, or 30's or higher.

TheAlex Check how old their service is

This is a REALLY great way to see if a host is real and wouldn't be a scam.
If you're just starting out for a host, spend the next few months doing some testing after you release, if everything goes right. Then you basically successfully started a company.

TheAlex Do they use freenom?

2 Words. Fuck Freenom.

TheAlex If they use WHMCS, check if the theme is nulled or no. 

If anyone does not KNOW how to check to see a Valid WHMCS license, it's quite simple actually!
Head on over to this link and put in their WHMCS link, usually it'll either be client.domain.extension, or billing.domain.extension. If its Invalid, then you found a NULLED WHMCS license, chances of that being a scam are very likely in this case. However, WHMCS license checking can be very fucky wucky as well. So use multiple devices with multiple browsers to see if its truely invalid or valid.

TheAlex Do they ask to pay with crypto?

Sometimes I just don't understand why people want to sell with crypto- LIKE-

TheAlex Can they provide proof of invoices?

Yes- also another way to determine if they're real or not, however, some people may not like to be comfortable. But thats not an excuse, just hide the personal info like; your name, your address, phonenumber, etc.

If they deny, and you most likely get banned. Then you found a scam host.

Are they indian?

This doesnt matter what their race, or ethnicity, it goes by what their personality is or whether if they're a jerk.

Hopefully this comment helps too! &lt;3 😃
SirCat-Qlox - i just love being up at midnight trying to search funny threads of kids harassing eachother, but there seems to be less of that now.
Sky - SirCat-Qlox I DO TOO LMAOO 

but when you become the victim of being harassed, ooh it gets way worse. And then you eat ice cream after to help you calm down LMAO.
pwned - Sky - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-12-09/1639039950-791338-f0b523e7-5aa2-444b-8e3e-9ca7e0765951.jpg
Sky - pwned oh henlo kitty kitty.
Ibrahim - TheAlex Are they indian?

While i have no issue with indians whatsoever watch out for indian kids that dont know how to write. On average You will get scammed


I hope that this guide has helped you not get scammed. If i missed something, do let me know and i will add it here

bit unnessecary but lmfao
Sydney - Crypto isn't a bad thing...
