luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964839-505670-image6.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964839-725173-image5.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964839-925093-image4.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964840-204333-image3.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964840-312106-image2.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964840-429179-image0.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964840-460214-image1.jpg
luffy - well it all started when i had applied for staff geschafft cloud hosting used to be called falt hosting at that time. Cedric had interviewed me thoroughly and from what i could see worked hard on new products to make geschafft stand out from normal hosts. on the other hand !vee was using the other owner to pay for all the nodes . then made him very stressed but this didnt stop !vee he just wanted to suceed his personal goal . vee distributed geschafft's resources to make people join his discord server. soon the managers and Cedric decided to leave !vee this turned falt hosting into geschafft. at this time all of !Vee's perms were gone or we thought so right before his perms were removed from google cloud he added his personal email to it . roughly 2-3 months later !Vee using his personal mail wiped off all the data in the panel Virtual Machine and messed up their account and server creation system. he also stole custom eggs created by cedric for geschafft and started advertising that they will be used in his hosting. we know this for sure after looking at google cloud audit logs we got the email of the user doing this i cross referenced the email in my hosting database only to find it was !vee's email - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-18/1610964954-908190-opera-snapshot-2021-01-18-154426-panelarkhostxyz.png
aquaticdos - as one of the employee's of geschafft(the host who was the most affected) this is very bad for us.
vee(the "owner" of falt host[geschafft's old name]) is known in the geschafft community for doing bad stuff to our platform, 
we had been attacked a few days before he sabotaged us which could have been planned by veejar himself to get his host bigger
my point is that veejar is trying hard to get geschafft down for no apparent reason whatsoever
Ryder - law inforcment
Detective_Alpha - Infolycal Good for you :3
sin - This is honestly just sad, why the f*ck would you do this
onyx - Honestly that's so fucking sad
Aesthetical - As an employee myself at Geschafft, I can confirm this article. ! Vee has been very rude to other users in the past, uses Discord at the age of 13 in the Netherlands (3 years too young), making him underage, decided to delete the group chat in which he said it, and banned people for doing such things as posting evidence, talking against him, etc., and then claimed that he simply had to "Moderate" his discord server. He then went on and essentially nuked our entire backend, forcing us into around a 2-week downtime, the costs of which could be pretty defining to our hosting service's future.

I encourage all to ban him from any servers which you are aware have bots hosted on Geschafft if you are able, his userID is  427476505455624193
Darion - When cedric joined falt and started falt host, it went smooth at first but then vee started show his true self by mentally abusing cedric. He would continuously disrespect cedric and add extra stress to him. It came to a point where vee wouldn't let cedric have emotions. And it shows how much vee affected cedric.
aquaticdos - Darion ive been in the staff team since falt host started and this is true, ive been there when it happened
Agent_Mighty - yep i remember this.  I started hosting my own bot at geschafft when it was called falt host. i remember that Vee used to give cedric extra stress and stuff. Vee claimed that he owned the host even though cedric did all the work. IDk why would vee do this
DevNoah - According to Section 9.05.060 of the RCW, "(1) Whoever, with intent that his or her act shall, or with reason to believe that it may, injure, interfere with, interrupt, supplant, nullify, impair, or obstruct the owner's or operator's management, operation, or control of any agricultural, stockraising, lumbering, mining, quarrying, fishing, manufacturing, transportation, mercantile, or building enterprise, or any other public or private business or commercial enterprise ... shall willfully damage or destroy, or attempt or threaten to damage or destroy, any property whatsoever, or shall unlawfully take or retain, or attempt or threaten unlawfully to take or retain, possession or control of any property, instrumentality, machine, mechanism, or appliance used in such business or enterprise, shall be guilty of criminal sabotage."
onyx - Infolycal woah hey there buddy that's too far
Iceey - @Infolycal stop acting like you're the shit lmao, no one in this hosting community deserves to die other than europa and his cousin.
Iceey - Wanting people dead is way worse than anything in this thread
eraters - wait a sec this is a host that resells google cloud? lol
AviatorLachlan - I have been with Geschafft (Falt) for some time now and I know a lot of the story. From the outside Falt looked like a good company, but I learned about the backside of Falt and learned what happened. (This is all from an admin telling me this, I'll also show a few dm messages). The truth is Vee was never a good person, Vee is underage in there county. They started a lot of fights and like in the post they used Falt for there own gain. A lot of stuff has happened but I am not going to explain further. Ever since the team left Falt and rebranded to Geschafft, they have been doing a whole much better. As they are not having the drag by Vee the can continue to work and I have been with Geschafft since day 1. What Vee recently did is a stupid thing trying to get his fame back. I would not trust Vee after what he did. (There are also more incidence that have happened before this major one.) Here are some screenshots from an admins dm (I blurred his name for privacy). - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-20/1611174682-365063-proof-2.png
AviatorLachlan - I have been with Geschafft (Falt) for some time now and I know a lot of the story. From the outside Falt looked like a good company, but I learned about the backside of Falt and learned what happened. (This is all from an admin telling me this, I'll also show a few dm messages). The truth is Vee was never a good person, Vee is underage in there county. They started a lot of fights and like in the post they used Falt for there own gain. A lot of stuff has happened but I am not going to explain further. Ever since the team left Falt and rebranded to Geschafft, they have been doing a whole much better. As they are not having the drag by Vee the can continue to work and I have been with Geschafft since day 1. What Vee recently did is a stupid thing trying to get his fame back. I would not trust Vee after what he did. (There are also more incidence that have happened before this major one.) Here are some screenshots from an admins dm (I blurred his name for privacy). - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-20/1611174682-518220-proof-3.png
AviatorLachlan - I have been with Geschafft (Falt) for some time now and I know a lot of the story. From the outside Falt looked like a good company, but I learned about the backside of Falt and learned what happened. (This is all from an admin telling me this, I'll also show a few dm messages). The truth is Vee was never a good person, Vee is underage in there county. They started a lot of fights and like in the post they used Falt for there own gain. A lot of stuff has happened but I am not going to explain further. Ever since the team left Falt and rebranded to Geschafft, they have been doing a whole much better. As they are not having the drag by Vee the can continue to work and I have been with Geschafft since day 1. What Vee recently did is a stupid thing trying to get his fame back. I would not trust Vee after what he did. (There are also more incidence that have happened before this major one.) Here are some screenshots from an admins dm (I blurred his name for privacy). - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-20/1611174682-547044-proof-4.png
AviatorLachlan - I have been with Geschafft (Falt) for some time now and I know a lot of the story. From the outside Falt looked like a good company, but I learned about the backside of Falt and learned what happened. (This is all from an admin telling me this, I'll also show a few dm messages). The truth is Vee was never a good person, Vee is underage in there county. They started a lot of fights and like in the post they used Falt for there own gain. A lot of stuff has happened but I am not going to explain further. Ever since the team left Falt and rebranded to Geschafft, they have been doing a whole much better. As they are not having the drag by Vee the can continue to work and I have been with Geschafft since day 1. What Vee recently did is a stupid thing trying to get his fame back. I would not trust Vee after what he did. (There are also more incidence that have happened before this major one.) Here are some screenshots from an admins dm (I blurred his name for privacy). - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-20/1611174682-746402-proof-1.png
sin - Iceey I agree
CyberPop - among us refrence!!!1!

also fuck vee
