SnailDOS - If ya 'all didn't know already, Halex is planning a desktop app.
Dev specs: It's Electron, Javascript framework.
Doesn't sound bad, well... Instead of a person who knows what they are doing, we're seeing Plexed do the job of writing up the software. Personally, Doubt we'll be seeing a TOS &amp; PP, I'm scared to see the future of what happens. Especially, if it's closed source. I'll keep you all up to date, and when it get's released I'll decompile it.
Thoughts?
Chirag - SnailDOS cool, who asked?
SnailDOS - Chirag People who dont want there PC ransomed and attacked with exploits. 🙂
Aaron_ - SnailDOS People who will run them are kids who value minecraft servers over their personal data.
Qlox - Aaron_ hosting fact: msot ppl that do use free hosts to run their crappy dsmp server doesnt even know how plugins or server.properties work lol
Aaron_ - Qlox True, some do, some don't. lol.
Qlox - Aaron_ most are just fucking dumbasses tbh, like "how do i install plugin" and "how do i change version"
Jen - Aaron_ No the application isn't dangerous
its just a locked down browser i'm pretty sure
Qlox - Jen nah its a spyware + malware + token logger + infecte with plexed virus
__SECRET__ - https://github.com/FalixNodes-Software/FalixNodes-Desktop
__SECRET__ - Jen and it's from falix 
He just gonna change some background banners and icon like I was going to do
Plexed - __SECRET__ my desktop app is literally just the old oxy app which was electron quick start with customtitlebar
Jen - Plexed yeah its just an electron app
i really don't understand why ppl are freaking out over electron LOL
SnailDOS - Jen False, Electron can be used to do  major things, including, token logging.
Electron can be used to do tons of other things, It isn't just a "locked down browser"
SnailDOS - __SECRET__ It's not though, If you look at sneak peaks, or announcements or whatever you can see him writing it from scratch with a "Hello World" page. Doubt he'd do that and then start using Falix.
Jen - SnailDOS It's not like you can't check what's in it
SnailDOS - Jen Eh. Still minor concerns.
SnailDOS - Plexed go for it then lol
just dont fuck it up 😂
Jen - SnailDOS Actually his open source projects are pretty good. I know he doesn't have the best reputation but i've looked at the code myself and he's managed to do really well
SnailDOS - Jen If it even is going to be open source.
Korbs - SnailDOS Hi there, Mocab made me aware of this post. I do try to make sure the software is actually locked down for security and privacy reasons.
I'm going to get in touch with the owner and make sure the app used correctly, if they're using my code then I'll just keep tabs on it.

And yes, I believe an Electron app can be harmful and can be used as a token logger. As you can include extra executable files using Electron Builder and have a button or an 'onload' function execute this file. Again, I keep it locked down as much as I can.
Milan1000 - Korbs Korbs idk if halex will still be a thing, It got stolen by shershah like a couple of days ago and got renamed to EnderNodes, And im pretty sure the app isnt in progress anymore too.
Korbs - Milan1000 Hmm, yeah, and somehow FalixNodes Desktop is still being worked on after 3 years. The things I've learned in Electron because of it.
Milan1000 - Korbs Ehh, Falixnodes has had some weird things tbh, Like when they added the hibernation plugin like 5 times but just ended up removing them the next day or hour, But yeah halex seems to be kinda gone at this point but badsk opened a new host of course, Which is called QuaHost Im not sure if that will have a desktop app though.
