Enmatt - Heya,

I came across this free host today and I just thought it was hilarious. 

First off, the reason why this is marked illegal activity is because they admitted to not having a TOS when a member in the discord asked.


Also, their website (SummerHosting.org) is almost always down and was clearly made by someone under the age of 12:
 They straight up say that your files might get lost which implies that they have had data losses in the past.

 I believe that they are trying to pay for the nodes by putting ads on their website, although I can't confirm this as their site is down 99% of the time and I had my ad blocker on at the time, but I think this is the case because of this announcement he made:
 

Next up, their discord is set up terribly; They have #Welcome &amp; #Goodbye channels although the main discord join messages are placed into the #main-chat. Also, within 10 minutes of me joining the discord, some random guy just @everyoned the whole server and the owner (Bxrk) demanded that he was hacking because he couldn't have possibly forgotten to remove the @everyone permission.


Also, I found this funny:


Discord: https://discord.gg/jvqZCyg3gk - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611684448-526840-screenshot-2021-01-26-180723.png
Enmatt - Heya,

I came across this free host today and I just thought it was hilarious. 

First off, the reason why this is marked illegal activity is because they admitted to not having a TOS when a member in the discord asked.


Also, their website (SummerHosting.org) is almost always down and was clearly made by someone under the age of 12:
 They straight up say that your files might get lost which implies that they have had data losses in the past.

 I believe that they are trying to pay for the nodes by putting ads on their website, although I can't confirm this as their site is down 99% of the time and I had my ad blocker on at the time, but I think this is the case because of this announcement he made:
 

Next up, their discord is set up terribly; They have #Welcome &amp; #Goodbye channels although the main discord join messages are placed into the #main-chat. Also, within 10 minutes of me joining the discord, some random guy just @everyoned the whole server and the owner (Bxrk) demanded that he was hacking because he couldn't have possibly forgotten to remove the @everyone permission.


Also, I found this funny:


Discord: https://discord.gg/jvqZCyg3gk - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611684567-514482-screenshot-2021-01-26-164735.png
Enmatt - Heya,

I came across this free host today and I just thought it was hilarious. 

First off, the reason why this is marked illegal activity is because they admitted to not having a TOS when a member in the discord asked.


Also, their website (SummerHosting.org) is almost always down and was clearly made by someone under the age of 12:
 They straight up say that your files might get lost which implies that they have had data losses in the past.

 I believe that they are trying to pay for the nodes by putting ads on their website, although I can't confirm this as their site is down 99% of the time and I had my ad blocker on at the time, but I think this is the case because of this announcement he made:
 

Next up, their discord is set up terribly; They have #Welcome &amp; #Goodbye channels although the main discord join messages are placed into the #main-chat. Also, within 10 minutes of me joining the discord, some random guy just @everyoned the whole server and the owner (Bxrk) demanded that he was hacking because he couldn't have possibly forgotten to remove the @everyone permission.


Also, I found this funny:


Discord: https://discord.gg/jvqZCyg3gk - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611684706-399510-screenshot-2021-01-26-180320.png
Enmatt - Heya,

I came across this free host today and I just thought it was hilarious. 

First off, the reason why this is marked illegal activity is because they admitted to not having a TOS when a member in the discord asked.


Also, their website (SummerHosting.org) is almost always down and was clearly made by someone under the age of 12:
 They straight up say that your files might get lost which implies that they have had data losses in the past.

 I believe that they are trying to pay for the nodes by putting ads on their website, although I can't confirm this as their site is down 99% of the time and I had my ad blocker on at the time, but I think this is the case because of this announcement he made:
 

Next up, their discord is set up terribly; They have #Welcome &amp; #Goodbye channels although the main discord join messages are placed into the #main-chat. Also, within 10 minutes of me joining the discord, some random guy just @everyoned the whole server and the owner (Bxrk) demanded that he was hacking because he couldn't have possibly forgotten to remove the @everyone permission.


Also, I found this funny:


Discord: https://discord.gg/jvqZCyg3gk - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611684975-221858-screenshot-2021-01-26-154153.png
Enmatt - Heya,

I came across this free host today and I just thought it was hilarious. 

First off, the reason why this is marked illegal activity is because they admitted to not having a TOS when a member in the discord asked.


Also, their website (SummerHosting.org) is almost always down and was clearly made by someone under the age of 12:
 They straight up say that your files might get lost which implies that they have had data losses in the past.

 I believe that they are trying to pay for the nodes by putting ads on their website, although I can't confirm this as their site is down 99% of the time and I had my ad blocker on at the time, but I think this is the case because of this announcement he made:
 

Next up, their discord is set up terribly; They have #Welcome &amp; #Goodbye channels although the main discord join messages are placed into the #main-chat. Also, within 10 minutes of me joining the discord, some random guy just @everyoned the whole server and the owner (Bxrk) demanded that he was hacking because he couldn't have possibly forgotten to remove the @everyone permission.


Also, I found this funny:


Discord: https://discord.gg/jvqZCyg3gk - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611685369-357530-screenshot-2021-01-26-182143.png
Vanquish - website does not resolve.
Enmatt - Vanquish Exactly :

Enmatt Also, their website (SummerHosting.org) is almost always down
Tomas - man, its literally a summerhost
eraters - dot.dot.dot
eraters - also if they're asking for you to afk, it's arc.
eraters - the domain is registered with google domains
eraters - no google domains says amazon?
eraters -  - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611685798-720295-image.png
Vanquish - the owner is Jeff Bezos 😳😳
Enmatt - Vanquish When Jeff Bezos gets tired of being a billionaire so he goes back to his roots; running a free hosting.
Vanquish - Enmatt he got mad after elon became the richest person in the world.
Jedrik - AWS ain't paying good 😔
Detective_Alpha - ITS DOWN LMFAO
Enmatt - Bruh I found his youtube and hes like 9 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkzRJrh4hFI it was linked to his disc lmao
Enmatt - LMAOO I just said "Summerhoax*" and got banned
Vanquish - discord invite link?

Enmatt
Enmatt - Vanquish Its on the main post
Enmatt -  - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611687499-116117-screenshot-2021-01-26-185802.png
Lix - LMAO, This is absolutely childish. You was banned so then you created a WinterHoax for it. You don't have to report a hosting service just because you got banned. 😂. And yes, bxrk has a TOS he has not released it yet as the servers are not online. Clearly you dont understand what waiting is.
Tomas - Lix I actually got kicked/banned for joining, I was given no reason
Tomas - Tomas Oh, it was banned.

I didn't do anything except simply greet the owner, I had no malicious intent.
Vanquish - Lix negative iq much? that's what people on winterhoax do, they find a bad host and hoax it..
eraters - you call someone childish? have you even finished 1st grade? 




also, "servers arent online" in announcements it says you are open. 
(cant get proof as i got banned for saying the owner doesnt have a paypal) - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611688288-853564-image.png
eraters - you call someone childish? have you even finished 1st grade? 




also, "servers arent online" in announcements it says you are open. 
(cant get proof as i got banned for saying the owner doesnt have a paypal) - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611688300-216092-image.png
Gman - Lix Can you provide us with a link for the tos so we know you are not lying?
eraters - this is a host run by children. hoonestly, it's not even worth the free price.
Gman - eraters yea ngl they should pay us to use it
Lix - eraters I believe Bxrk has a paypal.
eraters - and that explains that i got banned for saying he didnt how?
Lix - Gman It is not.
Lix - Tomas You most likely was given a reason I'm not sure
eraters - I think you should go back to your first grade English class. Come back when you do that.
Gman - eraters stop. This is harrassment, he is going to het his mommy to call the teacher on you for bullying
eraters - Harrasment? More like giving off the truth. So what if he says "Somebody called me a first grader111!!!111111!11" to his mommy?
Lix - You are all salty no life people from shitty bomb host
eraters - WHAT IS BOMB HOST
eraters - IVE NEVER EVEN HEARD OF THAT
Enmatt - Lix I made this before i got banned lol and you are clearly Bxrk
eraters - Agreed. No other staff are online there. I will not say what account I am in there, Just one you trust very very well. I'll never say who, though.
Gman - Lix lmfao why would you drag bomb host into this? Bomb host stuff goes here
Lix - Enmatt Nah Bxrk told me to come here see what people were saying 😂
Lix - Gman Because you are all probably from there 😆
Gman - Lix i got banned there from exposing rectroxs sugar daddy
eraters - seriously. what the fuck is bomb host
Gman - eraters this shit
Enmatt - Lix You litterally messaged me 
which was your first message on this thread. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611689357-29612-screenshot-2021-01-26-192903.png
onyx - Lix Uh using emojis in your response? The fuck? Are you taking any of this seriously?
Enmatt - I think this is the first "TikTok Minecraft Hosting" lol
Lix - onyx What is wrong with using emojis?
onyx - Enmatt nah easly made a TikTok
onyx - Lix It makes whatever you said instantly unreliable. You sound like a Twitter stan go back to being mad about NSFW art.
Lix - onyx Do I need to take this seriously?
Gman - Lix if u want your free host to last more then a month yea
onyx - Lix Yeah, you should. Also what's your Twitter? I wanna see your tweets xD
Vanquish - Lix we're not from bomb host lmfaooooo little monkey, what's your iq again? 3?
Lix - Gman I don't own the hosting company Bxrk does. I'm just helping and giving tips
Gman - Vanquish 3? Really? You think hes that smart?
Lix - Vanquish You sound like one of those kids that think they are all tough
Gman - Lix then why dont you get him to reply to this thread
Vanquish - Gman doesn't look like it tbh.
Lix - onyx No thanks :)
Lix - Gman Who Bxrk?
Vanquish - Lix yeah dude you got it on point
eraters - Lix who else?
Gman - Lix yes the owner of this joke
Lix - Gman What joke, you?
Lix - Vanquish Why do I need Bxrk here
Vanquish - Lix when did I say that you needed bxrk here you absolute donkey
Enmatt - Lix You aren't fooling anyone, you are Bxrk..
Lix - Gman This
Gman - Lix damn i just got burned by a kid in grade 5. Ima go rethink my life
Lix - Enmatt Bxrk does not have an account here, he doesn't go around trying to mess around with peoples hosting
Lix - Gman That is all you can say? Just I'm young, really?
Gman - Lix then have him make an account small brain
eraters - why would you have an account here then?
Enmatt - Lix You wouldn't be getting so worked up about this if you weren't Bxrk...
Lix - eraters I created this account just to have a laugh
Lix - Enmatt I bet you guys scam others like someone in Bomb
Gman - Lix you dont need an account to look at messages here dummy
Lix - (not saying name)
Gman - Lix rectrox dumdum
Lix - Gman I also wanted to reply
Lix - Gman Yes
Enmatt - Lix Yes, Me, The person who doesn't even own a host. I scam people.
Lix - Gman How much times do you have to call me dumb?
Lix - Enmatt Well I'm probably not wrong
Gman - Lix until you stop being a dummy, im only speaking facts
Lix - Gman I recommend going back to school and saying those comebacks. See what happens
Gman - Lix why would I listen to you lmao, you are being a big shot here when its not even your host you are defending
Tomas - Lix ...how is this an excuse?
Deleted User - He just banned a person for nothing lol - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611696442-345294-billede-2021-01-26-222722.png
Deleted User - One more ban just randomly - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611696907-456693-billede-2021-01-26-223507.png
Tomas - Lix No I wasn't, check yourself
Sydney - They bicker like children too...
Vanquish - Bxrk shut the fuck up retard
Vanquish - Bxrk also, 90% of us own our own hosting companies therefore we don't need your shit minecraft servers. we don't call everyone 12 only those who are act like it.
Vanquish - Bxrk Minehut, Aternos, any many other companies that perform better than your servers and are not run by 12 year olds.
Enmatt - Bxrk  I see you have decided to make ANOTHER account lmao
Enmatt - btw this guy legit made a go fund me for his crappy hosting - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-31/1612130996-19630-screenshot-2021-01-31-220859.png
DamonOnYT - Download - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c172wK_uttVTeFg14WNjLG9iWJCkSRJF/view
Video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-ZvUQXL7tM
"SummerHosting  App - Download"

LOOOLLL - http://ben.has-raped.me/4eQyYrk.png
CyberPop - i got banned for asking tos wtf
Vanquish - Bxrk you also banned me for asking tos a few days ago scumbag
CyberPop - Bxrk no shut up im banned check you fucking audit logs :L
CyberPop - Bxrk ok :) das fine bcoz ur doing gay shit :D
BruhMoment - guys can we shut the fuck up we are going to make the poor kid cry
CyberPop - BruhMoment LOL
Vanquish - Bxrk How are you going to try to deny it? You banned us without reason like a little immature kid, end of story.
BruhMoment - what is going on here first off?
CyberPop - BruhMoment idk exposing a dumb kid????
BruhMoment - can yall babies shut the fuck up you know what your doing is childish yet you still do it this thing was made not to long ago and yet you go off on him like he is a punching bag you guys need to go back to your corner and cry out all the extra weight you gained you toe eyed cabbages
CyberPop - ok im not banned at all guys https://imgur.com/a/q6gFyy8
BruhMoment - yall keep calling him 12 when you guys are 12 yourselves you fuckers don't know anything at this point and can't fucking pay attention to what is happening, yes i do agree with some of the stuff you guys say but there is no need to go off on him because he sounds 12 you guys have not even heard his voice, now go get an education, i hope you guys stub your toe at 3 am and have to crawl around the house just to get a sank bar
BruhMoment - everyone that says this is shit hosting i wanna see you make a better one hypocrites
CyberPop - BruhMoment yeah i have better :kekw:
CyberPop - Bxrk lmao ok-
BruhMoment - he is not doing anything wrong ether you guys just showed up and made this a big deal, go cry to your mommy that i said go fuck yourself
CyberPop - BruhMoment yeah are you his booty licking friend? nice one haha
BruhMoment - is that the best you can do snowflake?
BruhMoment - that's exactly what i thought
CyberPop - BruhMoment L your "friend" just joined my server and started spamming "GAY", pretty sure yall are just scumbags.
BruhMoment - now stay quiet
CyberPop - BruhMoment ur mom



HAHA GOTEEM
BruhMoment - hey i can't control him ok? don't go off on me now you uncultured fuck, man up and learn to deal with this shit you fucking 4 year old
CyberPop - Bxrk ok
CyberPop - BruhMoment Listen, just fucking teach your friend to not to act like gayshit everywhere. :)
CyberPop - Bxrk no.
BruhMoment - your the one who thought he could show up and sucker up to me
BruhMoment - stop trying to get on my good side because im going off on you
CyberPop - Bxrk yeah what do you expect? i am chattin on discord :L i aint your vps
AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe - Lol, i joined that host, said "hm" and got banned. Nice!
CyberPop - Bxrk lmao what, it's his discord username (I think) and his real name is zeopticz
Deleted User - CyberPop zeoptics is a human name? Wtf?
Vanquish - Bxrk 

Not banned bro. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-01/1612206457-55642-image.png
Vanquish - Bxrk totally bro
Vanquish - Bxrk we dont just want you to know your host is shit
Vanquish - Bxrk ah okay, so just so you say it's a good host means it's a good host. makes total sense. your literally banning people for joining, please re-educate yourself and while your at it shutdown the host.
onyx - BruhMoment talk about spamming the thread holy shit
Enmatt - this Bxrk kid has 3 accounts on here to make it look like people are on his side lmao
MaCaKu - LOL
CyberPop - Bxrk you.
MaCaKu - Bxrk you look dumb kid
Iceey - MaCaKu insert black guy rap battle gif pow
Sydney - I got banned for existing... Like wtf. I wanted to check it out
Sydney - I guess some people don't know how to run a business... Oh well. I can live without being in a server run by what seems to be a 15-16 year old? REGARDLESS, have a good day
eraters - what I think Sydney meant to say is 

REGARDLESS, I highly doubt people would:
 1) Donate to your retarded GoFundMe 
 2) Willingly let you steal the content they upload 
 3) Willingly let you sell their info to a Indian call center, 
or pretty much do anything a immature, fucking retard of a fuckhead such as yourself would do```
Sydney - eraters also that
VideoMan - They probably use arc.io not ads (or both)
Sydney - VideoMan If they used Arc.io, you would see the blue little dot in the corner so you can opt out at any time
onyx - Sydney or they could just... y'know...hide it with css
Sydney - onyx Well yes, but they can get all of their earnings taken away if arc checks

and from what I have seen, they check weekly
DamonOnYT - Bxrk how is it an app if its just an iframe of ur ptero lol
Vanquish - Bxrk nobody asked
Sydney - Bxrk I would be able to check, but your website is always dead
Sydney - Bxrk You said you didn't have it? Also, there is a such thing as a "maintenance" or "coming soon" template...

Also, getting arc is so flipping easy. copy, paste, copy, paste, drag, drop, boom.
Sydney - Bxrk Wont help if your website is always down... and don't bullshit me with the "We dont have a website", becuase I saw your website.

Don't lie about stupid shit like that.
Vanquish - Sydney 

no dns records for them website apparently - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-15/1613369523-461553-image.png
Sydney - Vanquish 

They are using ns-cloud-e1.googledomains.com. nameservers

Bxrk 

I mean, first time I saw this tread, I went to the functioning website. Now, there isn't one.
Deleted User - Sydney They are using ns-cloud-e1.googledomains.com. nameservers

Lmaooooo, they're probably using the trial VPS from GCP.
Sydney - Chycada HA! I bet they are XD
Jen - Their site isn't even up
i don't understand
Jen - Chycada 

Sydney 
Gosh you guys are both stupid
thats not how a vps works with a domain
and thats a google domains nameserver
jeezs
If a vps was pointing to an domain u would see the vps ip not a nameserver by google
Jen - This just means its on Registar nameservers - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-18/1613689604-980678-image.png
Sydney - Jen stfu, I don't deal with people that have the "Do Not Deal With" tag
Jen - Sydney Didn't ask u to deal with me
Just said to get your information straight
Vanquish - Bxrk fasthosts? really.
Vanquish - Bxrk who.ru?
Vanquish - Bxrk hm?
Vanquish - Bxrk what?
Sydney - Bxrk oh, of course you side with the salty kid who was having a hissy fit, smh. Regardless.  I am curious. Why not host your website yourself? I mean, are your web hosting services so bad that even you won't host on it? Wow, sad my guy

Jen I got it straight, don't need a salty child whining about it.
Two - Bxrk ton of stuff backed up with evidence, no idea what you mean
Two - Bxrk is your excuse seriously that every single piece of evidence here was inspected? if you look at other posts, they don't inspect messages, and if they do, they usually get caught
CheezitO - Two Stop targeting their host the fuck 😒
Two - by now, i'm pretty sure i'd be banned from their discord server without even joining it before and barely talked in this thread, let me check
Two - CheezitO also you haven't given any proof on this host being good/bad either

we are actually giving proof
Two - can't find a valid instant invite link, either I got banned for no reason, or all the instant invite links above are invalid
Two - Bxrk By the way, do you have terms of services and privacy policy? if you ignore this question, well i'd assume you don't have one

if you use a generator, well you wouldn't know what the generator would be saying
Two - Bxrk Can you show me it? If you have one, well good.
Vanquish - Bxrk shhhh
Two - Bxrk invite me to your server then :)
Sydney - Bxrk You don't have one, do you? Otherwise you would be able to send it
Sydney - Bxrk Oh, your using BetterDiscord... You DO know that is against Discord's terms of service, and you can get banned? - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-26/1614371450-188776-image.png
eraters - for the last time, it's not.
Jamie_ - His youtube video has been privated, discord and domain are not working now. I think he has taken down everything.
Two - Sydney Just saying, so many people in winterhoax is breaking terms of services (I don't use client modifications) by using betterdiscord, some client modification, or self bot, so I wouldn't be using "they use [this modified version of discord]" as an excuse.

eraters It is against Discord Terms.
Two - Bxrk custom themes are against discord tos too, but discord own't care about it (i read the tos a ton of times, I'm a weird person)
Sydney - Bxrk Yes, they are. Any modificiations to the discord client is in violation with the Discord TOS. Do they care? Prob not. Unless you do something to piss them off. Even the developer (developers?) of BD admits it is against tos.

Quoting the TOS:

You agree not to (and not to attempt to) [...] (ii) copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, [...] or otherwise exploit the Service or any portion of the Service, except as expressly permitted in these Terms.
Vanquish - Bxrk No, I don't think so.
Jamie_ - Bxrk 
suuuuurrrreeeee - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-07/1615153231-529543-image.png
Sydney - Bxrk Still waiting on a website.... Even a website making noob like my sister was able to make a good looking website in 3 days. If you really need help making a page, w3schools has your back.
J0SH - why make a free host i dont see the point, theres already enough out there and you could be doing well better things
J0SH - losing their files over and over again, overloading the servers full of swap doesn't help people out
Sydney - Bxrk https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-26/1611684567-514482-screenshot-2021-01-26-164735.png
Deleted User - Lmfao he banned me for saying sumerhosting more like summerhoaxing AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
cubebuilder - is this host a joke
Vanquish - cubebuilder nope, it's most definitely real.
cubebuilder - Vanquish I assume its ran by a child then because this is just the most dumbest shit I've ever seen or this has to be a fucking troll lmao
Chirag - this is kinda old, but let's just say they ban you if you say anything about their 1 single VPS, they gonna ban you
I remember getting banned for saying something like, imagine hosting ptero + your website + all the servers on a single 8 GB ram vps...

That's all in bytes..
that's uhh 420 MB Ram available and swap is just full - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-14/1615755535-347625-image.png
Chirag - Bxrk that's like a 10-15 days old screenshot + wdym that the host was bad, it was bad, it is bad, it will be bad LMFAO
Chirag - Bxrk that's the dumbest thing I've heard in a while 
any client modifications are against discord tos, including Ctrl+Shift+I
don't believe me? just ask discord, https://dis.gd/request
(discord doesn't ban you for it tho, as they got no way of detecting it)
Timanttikuutio - Bxrk betterdiscord and powercord are both against their TOS. but discord doesn't really care
Oreo - Ignore this reply, im just using this place to store a few images so they don't disappear.

Proof that ip in next image is the ip of SummerHosting's only node: https://oreo.is-inside.me/CAiLiOwD.png
Proof that the node comes from ionos: https://oreo.is-inside.me/ahHSYuaZ.png
Information about ionos plan which may explain why bxrk got the ionos node: https://oreo.is-inside.me/1Y4TH7oS.png
Node Stats, Image taken on 3/15/2021 at approx 1:00pm EST: https://oreo.is-inside.me/ERJq6Mst.png
Proof that the node is the only node on their panel: https://oreo.is-inside.me/f5upMDvT.png
(explanation for why its the only node: The Pteromanager bot utilizes the pterodactyl API to pull a full list of all the nodes on a specified panel. If the api key isn't given the perms to read the FULL node list, the sh.nodes command would have given me an error, but since it didn't give me an error, it is showing me all the nodes on their panel)
Stats API that I setup on SummerHosting Node: http://77.68.87.88:26961/

I like cookies.
CertifiedDog - Ionos is fine it just expensive asf
CertifiedDog - do you think i could login with the details "admin" "admin" as ive done that on many free hosts
Oreo - CertifiedDog true its fine, but how high is the chance that after the 1 month, the node will disappear and a new DIFFERENT ionos node on a different ionos account will appear with the exact same stats (aka 8gb ram and 4 cores) to avoid paying more then $2 for the node per month? xD
CertifiedDog - Oreo he probs upgrade in the future its not that big
Oreo - CertifiedDog He might, but if he was planning to upgrade he should have gone for something cheaper, like maybe contabo to start out with instead of starting with a ionos node that is only cheap for the first month and becomes expensive as fuck afterwards.
CertifiedDog - Oreo me tell puggo that he need upgrade
CertifiedDog - bye  🙂
CertifiedDog - Hang on, surely they have more storage - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-15/1615830204-215170-image.png
CertifiedDog - i read that wrong
Enmatt - The fact that this thread is still going strong surprises me...
Tomas - Bxrk language
Sydney - Bxrk Disturbing
Sydney - Bxrk Were you accepting any sort of money during that time?
Sydney - Bxrk Alright then. I am sure he had more than one reason to hoax you for tho
Sydney - Bxrk Actually, reviewing the images in the original post, it does look like you were providing services without a TOS. Be it free or not, you need a TOS
Chirag - Bxrk you had already released before, https://panel.summerhosting.org, this thread was created when your host started.
JexUK - Well well well, if it isn't the guy who wrote a very nice Winterhoax about me a few days back!
Nice to see you getting what was coming to you.

Let me just go on the record that @Bxrk wrote a winterhoax on us about our TOS - which is quite funny to me, considering we had a terms of service the whole time (even though our site was in development) and Bxrk has been operating without a TOS for a while now. 

I'd also like to point out the fact this guy decided to try and act nice around me for a couple days - then, he started asking me for website templates, server providers etc. I drew the line when he asked for our Terms (I assumed he would just copy paste like everything else), and didn't give him the terms and conditions on request. Just as a side note - our terms weren't great before all of this. We've been working on a phatass terms and conditions which will be up very soon (Disclaimer: We are NOT operating without a TOS. We're not stupid.)

I'm not gonna be all spiteful like you were to me, there's enough negativity in the world. But in future, please make sure you're doing stuff right  before you critique others on the same thing - honestly, it just makes you look like a fool.

Conclusion: Accept you're wrong, stop acting childish, improve your host based on the criticisms you have recieved here. 

mic drop
JexUK - Bxrk You state, on on your site (Screenshots above) that file loss is likely and to be expected. Even for a free host this is unacceptable - and why would you advertise that lmao? make proper backups, inform clients to do the same, simple
Iceey - JexUK and your point was?
Iceey - JexUK that's a point, the message above (the mic drop one) was just a shitpost.
JexUK - ... right - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-21/1616290708-409895-image.png
JexUK - Iceey Yeah, I get that to be honest. Thanks for pointing that out. Reading this just reminded me of how this guy did multiple things to me and my friends/co-workers so spitefully it just made me pissed lmao
CPuggo - i would like to point something out 

1 i never acted nice to you after i posted the winterhoax 

2 i asked for template before winterhoax not after

3 you have been operating without an actual tos for a while, well. Generated Tos.

4 i’m not acting childish for posting a winterhoax about your shit over priced host

 5 i have a tos you can’t deny that as you are not in discord 

6 lmao you legit fucking shit posted to try to get this post at the top again 


7 this is pretty much resolved tbh lmao 

i’d recommend not coming at my host like i came at yours
CPuggo - JexUK i didn’t do shit to your "co workers" and we never had data loss  out of random lmao + that was a website i found on the internet
Enmatt - CPuggo Stop making alts to back yourself up in arguments.
Enmatt -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-06/1620329690-205606-image.png
Enmatt - This has been re-branded to https://puggo.host/
Verse - I like how you guys use your lives to bring a host that was meant to help people go into resignation. This is honestly funny because most of the pictures were edited. (From What I Heard). Round of applause.
PugRug - Not funny. I didn't laugh. Your joke is so bad I would have preferred the joke went over my head and you gave up re-telling me the joke. To be honest this is a horrible attempt at trying to get a laugh out of me. Not a chuckle, not a hehe, not even a subtle burst of air out of my esophagus. Science says before you laugh your brain preps your face muscles but I didn't even feel the slightest twitch. 0/10 this joke is so bad I can't believe anyone legally allowed you to be creative at all. The amount of brain power you must have put into that joke has the potential to power every house on Earth. Get a personality and learn how to make jokes, read a book. I'm not saying this to be funny i genuinely mean it on how this is just bottom barrel embarrassment at comedy. You've single handedly killed humor and every comedic act on the planet. I'm so disappointed that society has failed as a whole in being able to teach you how to be funny. Honestly if I put in all my power and time to try and make your joke funny it would require Einstein himself to build a device to strap me into so I can be connected to the energy of a billion stars to do it, and even then all that joke would get from people is a subtle scuff. You're lucky i still have the slightest of empathy for you after telling that joke otherwise I would have committed every war crime in the book just to prevent you from attempting any humor ever again. We should put that joke in text books so future generations can be wary of becoming such an absolute comedic failure. Im disappointed, hurt, and outright offended that my precious time has been wasted in my pathetic brain understanding that joke. In the time that took i was planning on helping kids who have been orphaned, but because of that you've wasted my time explaining the obscene integrity of your terrible attempt at comedy. Now those kids are suffering with out meals and there's nobody to blame but you.
mtt - Your TOS and Privacy Policies are not complete, website looks really awful and level 3 boosts gotten by breaking TOS (I doubt Nyan has $150 to spend in each server he boosts).
Plans are not displayed publicly, paypal.me billing system using PayPal Buttons.
A lot of stuff wrong with your new host...
Also stop alting you loser
Enmatt - AHHHH THE ALTS ARE COMINGGGG
mtt - PugRug Made with Nicepage.com
Toki0179 - PugRug This is written better than your privacy policy
PugRug - Enmatt , you have an alt too. If I were to have an alt I wouldn't fucking name myself puggo i would definitely name myself something else. I'm not sure about you. 

mtt Okay, nothing wrong with using NicePage...

Toki0179  I never write our TOS, Privacy etc.. someone else did.
Enmatt - Current list of Puggo's knows alts // biased friends:
@PugRug 
@Bxrk  (Puggos original account)
@Verse 
@CPuggo 
@BruhMoment 
@Lix
mtt - PugRug instead of copy pasting this shit you should copy paste some proper legal docs you musty dusty crusty lusty busty ass bitch
Enmatt - PugRug What is my alt?
Toki0179 - PugRug It doesn't matter who wrote it. You are the owner right? So you are responsible for making sure the tos and privacy policy is actually valid.
PugRug - Enmatt In the discord, how else would you get that picture?

Enmatt  
BruhMoment is my friend, not an alt.
Bxrk is me
Verse is not me kek
CPuggo is something i created cuz i could not login to my account

i just wanted to change my name to pugrug because its cool, 

Go outside your shit bags.
Verse - Enmatt 
who tf are those other people?
I only know PugRug...
Also this is kinda not by biased opinions. I like to keep professionalism on hoaxes and threads and look at it from an unbiased perspective.
Also I'm not puggo xd.
Enmatt - PugRug Yeah of course I have an alt in your discord, it's been there since this thread was first created. The difference is, I don't create accounts to back myself up in an argument to defend myself.
PugRug - Enmatt

BruhMoment is my friend, not an alt.
Bxrk is me
Verse is not me kek
CPuggo is something i created cuz i could not login to my account


and leave the server on your alt, leave us alone kiddo..
mtt - PugRug awwww our edgy boi is mad. how u running a winterhoax ripoff critizicing other hosts about now having tos or invalid tos YET YOU are the one with trash and invalid docs...
Enmatt - Verse You joined the site 20mins ago just to reply to this thread, along with PugRug. While you might not be alts you are clearly just his friends that have come to blindly back him up.
Verse - Enmatt So you are saying you have no one to agree with your opinion so you create alternative accounts that are actually you to back yourself up in arguments you know you can't win. Very funny.
Toki0179 - PugRug Just fix your tos and privacy policy and this thread would probably be gone. It's not even hard to write a valid privacy policy and tos
PugRug - Enmatt I wanted to change my name. How about calming donw?
Verse - Verse Wait actually, I read that wrong. My bad
PugRug - Toki0179 We will do..
Sloth - @PugRug why do you have like 3 alts?
Toki0179 - PugRug Yeah so stop calling people shit bags and be more professional. Just keep your cool next time and don't get mad when someone calls you out on your mistakes.
Verse - Toki0179 I'm sorry if Puggo offended anyone. I will remake our TOS and other legal documents. Thank you for this notice, and again I am sorry if Puggo offended anyone.
PugRug - Sloth 

PugRug is for changing my name cuz puggo is taken and i dont like bxrk
Cpuggo is cuz i could not login to my acc
PugRug - Not sure why this hoax is still up..
Verse - Toki0179 I'm sorry for Puggo's behavior, we will remake our legal documents.
Sloth - It's more about you than your host
Jxck_KV - Because of your wrong doings mate.
PugRug - Jxck_KV enmatt alt 😢😢😭😭😭😭😭
mtt - PugRug mf u blind or smth
PugRug - mtt 

We have all the stuff in place, tos, privacy etc which is being re done..
PugRug - ohh fuck its sam lol
Enmatt - PugRug WTF LMAO did you create an alt to back me up to frame me??? This account isn't mine lmfao
Jxck_KV - PugRug Funnily enough i'm not. 

Your TOS couldn't even be classed as a "TOS"

Funny guy
Verse - PugRug Look Puggo, even if I do manage Puggo Host, I'm trying to be respectful here and understand how other people view us. Please understand why this hoax is still up and learn from this.
Jxck_KV - I can smell overallocation in the next few days lol

https://prnt.sc/12laxhv
Enmatt - Look at this brilliant billing system - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-06/1620333453-654804-image.png
PugRug - -- SORRY FOR THE INCONVIENCE CAUSED -- 

We will now take this into consideration and rewrite our TOS, Privacy Policy, Refund, etc. 
Once we get all this done, @Sloth  If you could remove this once we get our TOS and Privacy Policy back. 
That would be fantastic.
Verse - Jxck_KV Right now I am remaking all of our legal documents and making sure it is not hoax worthy again.
Jxck_KV - I just looked at that, Jesus fucking christ 😆 

Enmatt
RumGuru - PugRug I think this thread is mostly about you, not about your host lol
PugRug - Jxck_KV 300MB uwot mate the servers chilll
PugRug - RumGuru the scammer is back lol
PugRug - -- SORRY FOR THE INCONVIENCE CAUSED --

We will now take this into consideration and rewrite our TOS, Privacy Policy, Refund, etc.
Once we get all this done, @Sloth If you could remove this once we get our TOS and Privacy Policy back.
That would be fantastic.
RumGuru - PugRug Scammer?
Verse - RumGuru I don't know how my boss exactly spoke to the people in this thread, but I assume it was very rude. Like I said before, I am sorry for Puggo's obscene behavior and language.
PugRug - RumGuru from what i heard
Jxck_KV - PugRug Kinda funny how you call someone a scammer but can't setup a TOS, Privacy Policy.
PugRug - We are now making the new website, with an automated billing system.
Verse - Jxck_KV I am currently remaking our TOS and other legal documents. I am talking to Puggo in DMs right now to tell him to lay back and be more professional in threads and hoaxes. I am sorry for the inconvenience we have caused for everyone in this thread.
RumGuru - PugRug You heard that from thread that was posted here.
And guy that posted it is bad "Leo", "Hiro"
Here is thread about him - https://drama.gg/d/457-atomhost-logo-copied
And i got my thread deleted because it was fake lol
PugRug - RumGuru Ah okay, thanks Rum..
Sloth - PugRug No, first of all, threads don’t get deleted, ever, they would get archived. Second of all, this thread is mostly about your hosting endeavours.
PugRug - Following Updates:

New website
Auto billling system
New tos and legal documents
Enmatt - PugRug 
New owner
Verse - Sloth I really hope that people in this thread understand me and Puggo are fixing our host and making sure we don't make the same mistakes from the past right now. Like I said before I am sorry for all the inconvenience we caused to many people.

Following Updates : 
Automated Billing System
New Website Design
New Legal Documents
Toki0179 - PugRug At this point I think it would be better to just delete the hosting and give up.
Sloth - Did you even read what I just said?
Jxck_KV - Sloth Guess they didn't. Lmfao
Verse - Toki0179 We are currently revamping most things right now. If things don't work out, then we will consider other options.
INfoUpgraders - Verse it's not something you can fix. You guys are 12 y/o. You cannot take legal action for anything that happens and you can also not afford to start a hosting company at the age of 12 without scamming people or stealing your parents money. 12 y/o's don't even know the basics of sys admin or anything, you're too inexperienced and simply can't afford to have a hosting company so just don't until you get way older and learn a lot about the industry. @PugRug ^
Technical_difficulty - INfoUpgraders ++
Verse - INfoUpgraders For the legal action, I am contacting people who know lawyers, attorneys, etc... For now we can start small with the hosting. We have never scammed anyone or stole money either. Even if Puggo doesn't know much about being a system admin, we have many staff that do. I agree that we learn a lot more about the industry and get older, but we want to start early and see how things go. Thanks for the advice, if this host dies or doesn't work out, we will consider your opinion on waiting until we know more about the hosting industry.
PugRug - https://puggo.host/users/staff/puggo/legal/doc.txt
Enmatt - this is nearly as bad as the original summer hosting website lmao - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-15/1621109175-147989-image.png
Chirag - Enmatt I don't get the same amount of disk space tho, I get way more.
historicalxd - I have something better. This dude does not know how to set up DDoS Protection or Cloudflare.

He also paid for a DDoS Service, and was warned countless times for sending attacks to CloudFlare Websites with Home methods. After his (2 week, 5$) plan expired, he continued to keep on begging for a plan, and then continued to beg for people to send attacks to other hosts. I do not have screenshots or proof of that at the moment.





He also told me how he "Nuked" the ShockNodes discord. He used the "Discord.Style" Bot.

He also added an addon and cucked his panel kekw 😂 - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-16/1621173575-718954-image.png
historicalxd - I have something better. This dude does not know how to set up DDoS Protection or Cloudflare.

He also paid for a DDoS Service, and was warned countless times for sending attacks to CloudFlare Websites with Home methods. After his (2 week, 5$) plan expired, he continued to keep on begging for a plan, and then continued to beg for people to send attacks to other hosts. I do not have screenshots or proof of that at the moment.





He also told me how he "Nuked" the ShockNodes discord. He used the "Discord.Style" Bot.

He also added an addon and cucked his panel kekw 😂 - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-16/1621173593-633752-image.png
historicalxd - historicalxd GL#9999 is his new username.
PugRug - historicalxd i paid it so he can stfu
PugRug - he kept going " RENEW RENEW "

so i was just like "gimme that plan 😉 "
PugRug - and i never said to hosts lmaoo it was my websites to test ddos prot idiot
historicalxd - PugRug he said renew around 5 times lmfao
