Vanquish - Cyper Host has been around for a little while now maybe 4-5 months old, anyway they oversell the hell out of their servers and sell FiveM servers which is against FiveM TOS for all companies other than ZAP Hosting.

I called out the owner like 2 months ago for overselling and he banned me.


https://discord.com/invite/WJFcZkV
https://cyperhost.com - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-31/1612052543-521386-image.png
onyx - What a joke - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-01-31/1612063874-601455-screenshot-20210130-223046.png
Vanquish - onyx scummy company
EmeraldMike - onyx  they should scratch the opinion. Because they sure as hell want your fucking money
Abooz - Vanquish wait wut? selling fivem hosting is against tos? bruh
Vanquish - Abooz Mhm, you aren't allowed to sell FiveM servers according to the terms of service. The only authorized GSP (Game Server Provider) for FiveM is ZAP-Hosting.
EmeraldMike - Vanquish yeah lol and even if you knew who manages that GL convincing  them LMAO
EmeraldMike - Vanquish BTW what do you mean by overselling??
Vanquish - EmeraldMike I confronted the founder about it and he said and I quote, "Yea, what host doesn't oversell?".

You can  also tell by the fact that you can purchase an additional 4 cores for as low as an extra $10 a month.
EmeraldMike - Vanquish lmao
Abooz - Vanquish ok fivem is gay
boffinwocks - Vanquish Not sure why so many people go on about that. FiveM itself is an illegal service, therefore anything branched off of it is also wrong, but people also do it. Zap-hosting itself is actually breaking German laws (Where they are based) by signing contracts with FiveM saying that they are the only ones allowed to resell FiveM Server Hosting.
Vanquish - boffinwocks FiveM is not an illegal service.

periodt.
MaCaKu - Akash_ fivem are illegal but not the game
Iceey - Vanquish It's under the sole patent of FiveM itself, you are not allowed to sell or provide it in any way to anyone other than yourself.
boffinwocks - Vanquish You are 100% incorrect in saying that. It breaks Rockstars terms of service in many different ways. They modify Grand Theft Auto Five and offer it as a separate online service then default Grand Theft Auto 5, AND makes money off of it, which is against their terms.
Vanquish - Iceey Statement looks correct, but FiveM the game isn't illegal (responding to them..)
Vanquish - boffinwocks Rockstar used to be against it but they aren't anymore. Please research before opening your mouth.
Vanquish - boffinwocks Rockstar would of sued the hell out of FiveM if they still cared.
boffinwocks - Vanquish Again, an incorrect statement. How about YOU go do some research. FiveM is currently in lawsuits with Rockstar, because they do indeed still care. It's legit right in their terms of service, go read it.
SkylerG - Vanquish Rockstar got money out of them. Did you never investigate the class action lawsuits? They made bank off of FiveM, Twice!
boffinwocks - Vanquish They have, and currently are. They have gone to court many times, and FiveM finds a loop hole each time. Rockstar is still currently going after them. It's a great game, we all enjoy it, and I don't want it gone. The fact of the matter is, FiveM is scummy for partnering with a hosting company that offers shit services at insanely high prices. I agree, other companies shouldn't do it, but legally, they can if they want.
SkylerG - Vanquish FiveM is illegal, not enforceable. If rockstar wanted to come after them again, another class action lawsuit would be filed, attacking FiveM's use of the files made to replicate the game. Therefor, yes, reselling FiveM servers is against Rockstar's terms of service. It's also against FiveM's terms of service, due to the fact they have a brand deal with Zap-Hosting. None of what I just said, should be reasons to attack individuals that resell fivem server hosting. FiveM is the perpetrator here. If you don't want it to be resold, don't allow it to be sold in the first place. Pierce doesn't even personally offer FiveM anymore, and was planning to stop offering it as is.
Vanquish - boffinwocks a little angry are you?
MaCaKu - no one cares if its against rockstar or its fucking getting lawsuits
boffinwocks - MaCaKu Then why the fuck do you care if a hosting company is offering it??
MaCaKu - boffinwocks you look angry and i dont
Vanquish - boffinwocks Calm down "Boffin"
boffinwocks - Vanquish I'm not angry at all my friend, I agree with where you are coming from completely! I just want to make sure all the factual statements are put here, because hosting FiveM isn't as bad as you think.
MaCaKu - Vanquish i dont get why people get mad for no reasons like this
SaxGuy - Hello Vanquish , 
My name is Benjamin, the acting CEO of Cyperhost.
I purchased the company in late December and have been running it since. 

Your accusation of us overselling is false. We have public node statistics live at https://status.cyperhost.com/.
As you can see on that page all of our nodes are not even close to reaching its limits.

If you feel that you need to be unbanned from our discord you are more than welcome to open a ticket within our billing area.
https://client.cyperhost.com/submitticket.php



onyx 
I'm unsure where you have found that image. You can read more about our refund policy at: 
https://cyperhost.com/terms-of-service

REFUND AND DISPUTES
Servers are eligible for full refunds within Forty-Eight (48) hours of the creation of the server in our database. Refunds cannot be requested without probable cause.
MaCaKu - boffinwocks 


you're not mad nah - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-02/1612298682-747936-nahh.png
boffinwocks - MaCaKu I'm not mad, I only got aggressive because you got aggressive to us for no reason. You're being a hypocrite if you don't "give a fuck" about Rockstars Terms and FiveM breaking that BUT care if hosting companies break FiveMs
MaCaKu - boffinwocks im not aggresive im only saying the truth that nobody care about that
boffinwocks - MaCaKu Okay, so in your eyes, no one cares that FiveM is illegal and breaks Rockstars/Grand Theft Auto 5s Terms of Service. But, you do care if a hosting company breaks FiveM's?
Vanquish - SaxGuy the former CEO admitted to overselling.
Vanquish - SaxGuy also, your still not allowed to sell FiveM so..
MaCaKu - boffinwocks damn that type of people its making me laugh i never said that i care that a hosting company break fivem tos
boffinwocks - MaCaKu Then why are you even here commenting for everyone instead of yourself? "no one cares if its against rockstar or its fucking getting lawsuits", you should have said "I", don't speak for everyone. Just leave if you don't care.
MaCaKu - boffinwocks as i can see you think people care about lawsuits
boffinwocks - MaCaKu If they care about hosting companies breaking fivems terms, they should care about fivem breaking rockstars. Plain and simple.
MaCaKu - boffinwocks you think people are dumb as i can see everybody knows that fivem break rockstars tos
MaCaKu - and @boffinwocks do you think this website is for talking about lawsuits and breaking a company tos?
boffinwocks - MaCaKu "As I can see". What do you see dude? Are you a mind reader, you keep saying "As I can see" over and over but you aren't seeing anything, you are just making assumptions based off your own views and opinions
SkylerG - MaCaKu Damn right they care about it. That's why they took preventative measures and forced people to understand that reselling services such as VIP packages within a FiveM server is ALSO against terms of service.

What are you going to do, give EVERY server on fivem negative rep that offers things for $?

All offering fivem resell servers does is allow people to host the game for cheaper, allowing them to take advantage of not needing to pay ridiculous prices at Zap-Hosting. Want to upgrade your zap hosting server? NO problem! That will be a %50 increase of your bill, regardless of what options you have selected. Go after zap. Go after fivem. I don't understand what your problem with hosting sites offering fivem reselling is, but your backbone isn't very strong.
MaCaKu - boffinwocks cause i see how you think
MaCaKu - SkylerG which message you replied to?
SkylerG - MaCaKu Lawsuits. If you cared to click on the reply, you can view which message I'm replying to...........

It also literally pops up as a notification on this site, and I've never used winterhoax. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-02/1612299815-286506-image.png
Iceey - "As long as a business is actually allowed to practice business, disputed or not, with their services and their terms of service accurately represents that service then you legally if its already been agreed to, have to follow said tos." - Iceey from Discord, Taken on 02/02/2021 @ 21:03 GMT+00
MaCaKu - SkylerG should i excuse myself for not being using these?
SkylerG - MaCaKu sure
boffinwocks - Iceey Okay, if that statement is accurate than yeah, hosting FiveM Servers is not allowed. Regardless if the statement was true or not, your not allowed to anyway, as that is also said in Rockstars terms. The only point I am trying to get across, is that FiveM is also illegal. And that zap-hosting is break German laws by only allowing themselves to host FiveM Servers, plus again, Rockstars Terms.
Iceey - It's disputed to be illegal, it hasn't been banned from providing services by any law, has it?
boffinwocks - boffinwocks breaking*
boffinwocks - Iceey I said that I agree with you. Read my message please.
SkylerG - Iceey No law has been found to actually prevent them from providing services. Rockstar has yet to seize their use of the files, and considering they're developing other games and FiveM has been operating for multiple years, I don't see something coming in the way of that.
Iceey - SkylerG Thanks. So conclusion: FiveM is not to be commercialized. Let FiveM's dispute with Rockstar be seperate of that.
Iceey - Thanks for your cooperation, now back to bullying kids.
Abooz - Vanquish Thanks for letting me know, I removed fivem from my store!
Deleted User - Abooz half your clients are gone KEK
Abooz - @62#9012 and who are you?
