Robert - God why did this not exist yet

Okay so firstly, I am absolutely sick and tired of people exposing "SpermNodes" for "abusing" GCP/AWS/Oracle/[put provider here]. (A great thread about that is Guide to not getting scammed, definitely worth a read.) I get it, y'all are kids hungry for attention, but this is not the way. We want high-quality content, not all of this absolute garbage. Hence why I'll start with the rules (partly taken from our Discord server as well), anyone not complying with this will get punished. For now, this is only for new threads and posts, but once I - and perhaps the other members of the team - have more time we will most likely go and review the currently existing threads. Anyway, I have waited months for someone higher up to make this, but I guess that I should take this into my own hands instead.

Rules:
Use your common sense.
Just don't be a dick. That's about everything this rule is.

Advertising/offering services is strictly prohibited.
We are not an advertisement forum, for that stuff you should go to something like MC-Market.

Treat others with respect.
Regardless of role, rank, gender, age, affiliation, etc. Any kind of discrimination is prohibited.

Do not harass members.
If a member wishes to not be contacted by a person, respect the person's decision.

Do not discuss illegal operations.
Such as hacking, DDoSing, doxing, leaking, or threatening to attack the server/other users.

Do not use alternate accounts.
Unless within reasoning, and a Drama.gg team member has approved the request.

Ignorance of the rules is not a valid excuse for breaking them.
If a team member pursues a punishment, which is within reason, there is no need to fight it.

This is not a leaking/raiding forum, so do not use it as one.
If you do, you will get a permanent ban.

And lastly, I think it's fair to add a rule for "no users under the age of 13". There is no real way to check this, but if we find out that you are breaking this rule it will result in a permanent ban. The above rules can change at any time without notice, so please make sure to return to this thread every now and then.

PS: also don't bump old threads, thanks.

With that out of the way, let's get on to the information side of things.

Information:
What is Drama.gg?
Drama.gg is a community for exposing fraudulent companies and businesses. Our members decide to mainly talk about hosting providers, but this site is in no way limited to that.

Where can I find the Discord server?
https://drama.gg/discord/

And there's not much more information to add here, but I will probably add more details upon request.

Last update: 14-07-2022
Robert - And on another note: please do not go to random hosting providers and harass them for their invoices to "prove" that they are not "abusing" free trials. Although I cannot stop that from happening, I can delete threads and ban individuals.

The same goes for harassing "hosts" for their terms of service, privacy policy, etc. Your thread WILL get deleted, and your account WILL get banned.
