potatoman - So i was usually roaming around on discord and i joined a free hosting server called zeohost, all the things they do looks nice but the staff are kids tbh. like WTF...



https://discord.gg/peyKrZg3fB is the server invite,

LIKE WTF i DIDNT go toxic or anything their staff go and i got a warn for being toxic... yeah the word "hell" seems toxic to them wtf - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-06/1612612703-741108-screenshot-from-2021-02-06-172326.png
potatoman - So i was usually roaming around on discord and i joined a free hosting server called zeohost, all the things they do looks nice but the staff are kids tbh. like WTF...



https://discord.gg/peyKrZg3fB is the server invite,

LIKE WTF i DIDNT go toxic or anything their staff go and i got a warn for being toxic... yeah the word "hell" seems toxic to them wtf - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-06/1612612716-133902-screenshot-from-2021-02-06-172342.png
potatoman - So i was usually roaming around on discord and i joined a free hosting server called zeohost, all the things they do looks nice but the staff are kids tbh. like WTF...



https://discord.gg/peyKrZg3fB is the server invite,

LIKE WTF i DIDNT go toxic or anything their staff go and i got a warn for being toxic... yeah the word "hell" seems toxic to them wtf - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-06/1612612722-803172-screenshot-from-2021-02-06-172434.png
Tomas - lol i have been saying for MONTHS to zeo that zeoHost sux!
AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe - wait what? i didnt even know that neil sent that, lol.
imma talk to him about that :/
Tomas - AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe ban him
AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe - Tomas i will consider that sir
Tomas - AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe #rehiretomas
AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe - Tomas when you said "we ruin your dreams" in announcments, that was really funny, but no
Tomas - AKHATISTHELEADERkhatdoe we have to shut down dreams though

they are not allowed to dream
Iceey - I don't see anything wrong here...., am I missing something or is this just a shite thread?
potatoman - Tomas yeah they banned my friends for no reason L also neil is just annyoing
NeilGamingYT - Litrary u said L and thats considered as toxic in a lot of servers. And u said "hell" After i warned Never warned for saying hell Litrary your post makes no thanks
potatoman - Tomas yeeet yes
potatoman - NeilGamingYT GO LEARN ENGLISH KID AND "L " OR "HELL" ISNT SWEARING LMAO
NeilGamingYT - potatoman Cyberpop abused his rank so zeo banned him
Tomas - NeilGamingYT L

take the L
cc. Loser
Iceey - The only thing I've gotten from this thread is some educational hands-on experience, on how to make a bad thread and how to fail your English class.
potatoman - Tomas ez uneducated kids..
potatoman - Iceey thanks bro helps me out a ton also please eat you left shit :)
Iceey - potatoman your English ain't really better than his lmfao. You're welcome.
Tomas - Iceey icey pleas tech me englih pls
Iceey - You actually seem to be on very equal maturity stages, you and Neil.
Iceey - Winterhoax isn't about bullying kids for no god damn reason, that isn't exposing.

I suggest you read the 'Join the club' section, the both of you.
potatoman - Iceey elo pehlse tehc me englsuh and also fucking read the discussion topis because it says that this is general conversation so please dont be angray that this is a shite thread
Iceey - What is there to discuss exactly? The only thing you've done is tried to bully a kid for calling you toxic.
potatoman - Iceey exactly
NeilGamingYT - Lol you call this bully I'm just casually watching youtube and refreshing this
Tomas - :rofl:
NeilGamingYT - Just calling a person "toxic" and the host is winterhoax, 10/10 logic mate
eraters - Locking thread for invalid evidence. If you have more, please contact me on discord (eraters#5859)
Jedrik - Deleting. 30 days inactive. You may create a new thread
