WhenUHackUNoob - Hey there. I am going to provide some "background information" before we actually get on with the story, because I feel it just makes sense to have the info there as it makes a difference when reading through. Feel free to skip this part, however some of this thread requires the information noted below.

I am the Chief Operations Officer (COO) at Blaze Hosting. We founded the provider in Spring 2021, as you can find in our WHOIS lookup for our domain registration date. Please find below the WHOIS lookup for our domain, blazehosting.org.



BACKGROUND INFO ENDED (pretty much)

Chan (Chan#0003) is currently an Owner at Blazing Host, which was registered after the 'main host' (being Blaze Hosting). I joined his discord kindly asking that next time he does a full evaluation of the name he selects, just because it can confuse customers who visit the wrong websites, get support for the wrong hosts, all of that stuff. I also mentioned the fact that if he used the full name (Blaze Hosting), he could get in legal troubles for copyright etc so luckily he did not use that name.

I was then instantly banned from the discord server, all because of what happened above and I said that the prices are better elsewhere (such as OVH, Hetzner, FloofyHosting etc etc). I never once mentioned Blaze Hosting until he figured that I was staff there, but once again I was never rude in the 'argument' or 'conversation' we had in his discord server.

As far as I am aware, the founder 'MightyBeard' has nothing to do with the actions Chan has shown us, but that is not yet proven. If there is anything to be proven I will post it in the comments below. Following on, Chan has also proven that he is racist and just generally rude to not only his clients/customers, but his own staff members.

Proof of racism: 

There is much more proof which I am yet to collect, however this is just the start of it. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652199085-677625-image.png
WhenUHackUNoob - Hey there. I am going to provide some "background information" before we actually get on with the story, because I feel it just makes sense to have the info there as it makes a difference when reading through. Feel free to skip this part, however some of this thread requires the information noted below.

I am the Chief Operations Officer (COO) at Blaze Hosting. We founded the provider in Spring 2021, as you can find in our WHOIS lookup for our domain registration date. Please find below the WHOIS lookup for our domain, blazehosting.org.



BACKGROUND INFO ENDED (pretty much)

Chan (Chan#0003) is currently an Owner at Blazing Host, which was registered after the 'main host' (being Blaze Hosting). I joined his discord kindly asking that next time he does a full evaluation of the name he selects, just because it can confuse customers who visit the wrong websites, get support for the wrong hosts, all of that stuff. I also mentioned the fact that if he used the full name (Blaze Hosting), he could get in legal troubles for copyright etc so luckily he did not use that name.

I was then instantly banned from the discord server, all because of what happened above and I said that the prices are better elsewhere (such as OVH, Hetzner, FloofyHosting etc etc). I never once mentioned Blaze Hosting until he figured that I was staff there, but once again I was never rude in the 'argument' or 'conversation' we had in his discord server.

As far as I am aware, the founder 'MightyBeard' has nothing to do with the actions Chan has shown us, but that is not yet proven. If there is anything to be proven I will post it in the comments below. Following on, Chan has also proven that he is racist and just generally rude to not only his clients/customers, but his own staff members.

Proof of racism: 

There is much more proof which I am yet to collect, however this is just the start of it. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652200624-611257-image.png
P4RADOX - first of all, nugger is different than Ni**er
second of all, BlazingHost is completly different that Blaze Hosting
third of all, u didnt mention OVH, Hetzner etc, u just said that prices are better.
Get better arguments and stay mad
iOussamato_ - I totally agree, he's been racist towards Indians, black people, etc. However, he has illegal staff and he mentions them as "IRL Friends" that has such as a no job to do. Also, the host is unprofessional, everything is messed up and he uses his staff for nothing as in the end he would ban/demote you to promote his friends.
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Glad you found the thread! Let me address this:

You clearly understand that you were trying to say the 'n word'.
Correct, it is, however they have similar names of course!
I didn't mention the names itself but I did say 'other hosts'.

Thanks!
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ i dont have any indians as my staff.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob i wasnt trying, stay mad
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob the names r totally different
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ You know why you got banned
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX I'm not mad, I am just genuinely concerned that you are providing services as a rude and toxic CEO.
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Different? You literally took "Blaze" and added the "ing" ending.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob Why does that bother you?
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX You actually said that your host defeated so many famous hosts "Shockbyte, ReviveNode, and even Apex Hosting". Your host actually abuses so many companies for example Azure as a result of a scam. You treat your staff horribly and I had an experience too while I "was" an Administrator that has nothing to do in it.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob i told you that i didnt know abt your host
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ LMFAO I WANT PROOF RN OF ABUSING
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX 

P4RADOX I didn't say you have Indian staffs, you are just racist to them by making fun of them.
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ i dont even use Azure LMFAO
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX 
U sure? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652202690-363099-image.png
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ lmfao wanna see the node on ptero?
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX It bothers me following the wellbeing of clients and customers who are entitled to a respectful owner and staff team, which is something what is not catered for at Blazing Host.
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652202737-732497-image.png
iOussamato_ - Well another proof of him being so racist and mean towards his staff/members - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652202749-860779-image.png
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ yeah imagine trying to find arguments that r actually useless, i was explaining to you the difference
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX It doesn't make sense that your "friend" warned you too - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652202837-949606-image.png
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ i dont see any warnings
iOussamato_ - He asked you, why did you say it, because you are promoting your expose with proofs
FoxGamerBen - hello
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ i want to see the warning, stop changing the subject
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX What are you trying to show?
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob That this is pure bullshit and you are trying to get famous
iOussamato_ - He warned you that you are promoting the evidence
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ thats not a warning, u r so cringe iswtg
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Not bullshit, not wanting to get famous. You cannot prove to me that you are not toxic, racist and overall a bad person because every single piece of proof in this thread is backed up by multiple people.
iOussamato_ - WhenUHackUNoob +1
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob Multiple ppl being u and ur friend
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Okay, lets see how many we can get in the next 2 mins then?
ApexCandy - Explain why Node 2 is down? Looks like someone forgot to pay their bill to Hetzner 🤣
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Let's see, everyone who reads this can save the proof of you
P4RADOX - ApexCandy it got ddosed
P4RADOX - ApexCandy also im not using hetzner, im using ServerScale
ApexCandy - bet - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203243-599237-image.png
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Weren't you DDoSing other hosts and griefing them? Take a look: https://drama.gg/d/1909-chan-ddosing
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX DDoS? Funny thing is Hetzner can block almost any DDoS attack so ironic that yours cant be mitigated
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ also u r just mad cuz u got demoted
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX 
Are you sure? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203271-786154-image.png
ApexCandy -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203277-308426-image.png
P4RADOX - ApexCandy they r re selling lmao
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203315-37996-image.png
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ also finding the provider does not make u cool or some hacker man
ApexCandy - Trying to bring up lies? Well you're failing keep going with your bs
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob yup ServerScale
P4RADOX - ApexCandy ask them lmao
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Weren't you the one who started saying "oH wE dOnT uSe HeTzNeR"
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX The question is, where is "ServerScale" in the trails
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob We use ServerScale, its not my problem what provider they use or so
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ trails?
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Domains or idk what is it called
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ lmao?
P4RADOX - also u joined a few hours ago just to make this thread lmao @iOussamato_
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Don't try to change the subject, do you have something to say?
ApexCandy - So you're also saying that ServerScale provided you with Azure's?
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ ye u r trying to get false proofs
P4RADOX - ApexCandy its not? ask them
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX We have all the proof we need, we already send them.
ApexCandy - care to explain? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203650-956109-image.png
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ im not using trials, thats a false proof.
ServerScale isnt using Azure.
U r trying to get proof that doesnt exist and it makes you cringe
P4RADOX - ApexCandy yeh i dont have that node?
ApexCandy - are you 100% sure?
ApexCandy - node4 interesting - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203769-684969-image.png
P4RADOX - ApexCandy yep
P4RADOX - ApexCandy go to dms and imma show u the records
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Well you can't lie to SecurityTrails because it provides all the domains that your host has.
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ im not using azure.
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Didn't u make an announcement that you have got Singapore Node and u were saying its expensive?
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX 

damn - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-10/1652203852-656340-image.png
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ also using a website on google that gives you the root domain doesnt make u a hacker
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX I didn't say Azure. I said that this website cannot lie.
ApexCandy - Keep going with your bs it's hilarious
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ guess what i dont have any azure records
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Who said I'm hacker? Stop changing the subject lMAO
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX How can we believe it?
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ ApexCandy chill, your funny too, using dns lookups which show u domains i had 10000 years ago
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ also im not changing any subject, im telling you that using dns lookups doesnt make u a hacker man
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX But your host has been created recently? Like close to a month. Not even 10000 years ago.
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ i have that domain since 7-8 months ago
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ august 4 2021
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Bruh your host has been founded on exactly before 04/24/2022 like recently
WhenUHackUNoob - DNS records isn't what we are talking about, what I want to know is why P4RADOX is such a rude, toxic and racist owner?
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ if you are using cybersecurity tools, at least understand the tools
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ and i used this domain before i made the host
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob again, nugger isnt the same thing as ni--er
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob google nugger and u will see
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX We all know you meant to say ni--er
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob nop not at all, i want proof that i meant to say that
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Is the fact that your toxicity just makes it obvious not enough?
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob I want proof that i meant to say ni--ger
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX "Is the fact that your toxicity just makes it obvious not enough?"
ApexCandy - P4RADOX You continuing with your BS? How about show us your Azuer that you're actually paying them as well your AWS servers.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob Can you answer my question or
P4RADOX - ApexCandy AWS? im not using AWS, never did
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX I did answer the question... please use the eyes which I am currently debating if you have or not to read that.
FoxGamerBen - BlazingHost doesnt directly use AWS or Hetzner, you are using DNS lookups which show the root server, so your seeing Hetzner and AWS bevause thats what ServerScale uses.
P4RADOX - ApexCandy i am not using azure, im telling you again
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Staff chat, yes I can approve that you were saying the full n word on staffchat before you banned me
CoronaFighter - I am going to only make one post here. Reply to my post with "stay mad", "bullshit", or anything, but don't expect a reply. I have been in the Blazing Host Discord server for a few hours, and can already tell that there is not a hint of professionalism there. People getting banned for "dumb", casual chatting in announcements and a rude owner. I am NOT talking about racism here, I am talking about professionalism. This host's CEO has to seriously improve on their professionalism in order to gain more customers. If you want to run a host, you need to show people that your host is worth buying from. THAT is something which I do not see.

TL;DR: No professionalism at all, rude owner, improve if you want to succeed!

P.S: If you want a hint of the unprofessionalism, look at the owner "P4RADOX" 's posts in this thread 😉
ApexCandy - P4RADOX Get better at arguing, you're at the moment losing and trying to bring up lies after lies over and over again.
P4RADOX - CoronaFighter Also, noone asked for your oppinion
iOussamato_ - FoxGamerBen Stay out of this, you are just a helper that defends him.
P4RADOX - ApexCandy im not lying. im telling you again that im not using AWS and Azure
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ he is not a helper, he is a head mod. get infos
ApexCandy - At the moment you're just spamming the thread.
P4RADOX - ApexCandy Im respoding to ur messages and im trying to make u understand that im not using Azure and AWS
iOussamato_ - P4RADOX Ooh, we can see the toxicity here :}
P4RADOX - iOussamato_ hows that toxicity
FoxGamerBen - iOussamato_ I don't just defend him, I'm being honest here, BlazingHost doesn't directly use AWS or Hetzner.
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Let me say it myself instead of my staff having to prove points to you.

You are unprofessional and you know it. Banning people for 'dumb', generally being toxic, and all of the replies we have seen in this thread helping us to prove the point of your unprofessionalism. You know that if the host was professional, this thread wouldn't even exist. But it does, so there is clearly something wrong with the host or yourself.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob I think you r just trying to destroy someones rep with your 3-4 friends
P4RADOX - Also, where the AWS
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX That's not the point at all. Considering your toxicity I doubt you have any good public reputation, however that aside you are not understanding the main purpose of the thread. I recommend re-reading the original post.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob Also, I know that u own Blaze Hosting which is paid. Making a drama.gg thread abt another owner is way more unprofessional
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob If its not the point, why do ur friends come here and send screenshots of some Azure server that i used for 1 day a few months ago and also saying that i use AWS without any proof
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Another thing proving you have clearly NOT read the original thread message. I do not own the host, and the thread has not been made on behalf of the company but in fact I personally decided to make the thread without any mentioning of it to the provider.
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Why do you expect me to know? If you really have a problem then simply just remove your DNS record.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob Alright, i will just leave this thread cuz i alr spent too much time trying to explain simple things to ur friends who use dns lookups which show you subdomains etc that were used a lot of time ago.
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX Sure that's up to you, however we still want to make it proven of you and your host's toxicity.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob It shows u the records that were&amp;are.
P4RADOX - WhenUHackUNoob I dont see why that bothers you
WhenUHackUNoob - P4RADOX As I stated before it does not personally bother me, it bothers me on behalf of the community who wish to become customers at your host but are subject to said toxic owner.
WhenUHackUNoob - Okay lets face it. Everyone knows that no matter if you are racist and toxic or not you wont admit it to keep the reputation and stability of your provider as stable and secured as you possibly can. The purpose of this thread was to make the community itself be aware that you should not be involved as a customer/client at this provider because of the owners behaviour and attitude, and the thread just spun out of control with all the arguments etc.

DNS records were never mentioned in this thread so the fact that others have brought it up has sort of confused me and obviously confused you too, so lets just ignore all of that discussion about Azure etc. What I want from this thread is not an argument but simply just making the public aware of these activities and that it isn't a host which should be trusted and respected within our community.

You know you won't admit it, even though it's true. That's just basic human nature, what would really help is an apology for the previous actions but that rarely ever happens in these cases. I will let you decide your next steps for you and Blazing Host, however personally I believe an apology should be made out the kindness of your own heart.
Loser - P4RADOX Bruh youre such a little kid
TheAlex - P4RADOX 
Were you trying to use it as a boat over the nile or to describe racially a white person? 
keep going with this, it's the best read i have had in a while - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-05-16/1652731547-731658-image.png
ApexCandy - TheAlex 🤣
P4RADOX - TheAlex describe a white person (im white btw)
Idfk - Why it's always 2 kids fighting each other over bullshit
JNANESH - Idfk Thats what this site is for...
Toki0179 - P4RADOX What's the difference? one is just a misspelled version of the other. You know exactly what is wrong with the word in that role, but you are trying to use the misspelling as a cover up for the fact that you are a racist little piece of shit.
