Vulture - Hello Drama.gg community.
I don't post on Drama.gg until now.
A friend of mine sent me an invite to a free host called EssentialHost (by invites). That host migrated to another called GreatHost. It turns out that one day he asked me: "Hey, very strange that they have 3 Hetzner nodes of 64 GB of RAM with the tiny people that were on the Discord server. It's not sustainable at all." And I thought about seeing the open ports of Node 1. It is a Hispanic host and I was very surprised to see more servers in English than in Spanish. And on the Discord server they were all Spanish.  dug a little more and when I saw that IP on the internet, Magmanode servers appeared. I posted it on the official Discord, but got banned. I went to the essentialhost Discord and got banned. Log in with the GreatHost owner's account in Magmanode and delete their - https://i.ibb.co/zZCdWfx/Captura-realizada-el-2022-08-23-19-08-55.png
Vulture - Hello Drama.gg community.
I don't post on Drama.gg until now.
A friend of mine sent me an invite to a free host called EssentialHost (by invites). That host migrated to another called GreatHost. It turns out that one day he asked me: "Hey, very strange that they have 3 Hetzner nodes of 64 GB of RAM with the tiny people that were on the Discord server. It's not sustainable at all." And I thought about seeing the open ports of Node 1. It is a Hispanic host and I was very surprised to see more servers in English than in Spanish. And on the Discord server they were all Spanish.  dug a little more and when I saw that IP on the internet, Magmanode servers appeared. I posted it on the official Discord, but got banned. I went to the essentialhost Discord and got banned. Log in with the GreatHost owner's account in Magmanode and delete their - https://i.ibb.co/FxgrV3P/Captura-realizada-el-2022-08-23-19-14-52.png
Vulture - sorry for not providing discord screenshots, im working for it :v
Jen - Vulture Thank you for your post, It will be investigated.
Vulture - The bad thing is that I no longer have the invitation and neither does my friend. I'll see if I can get back in
Superintendent2521 - this will be fun
Vulture - i have the old discord. and in the old discord is the actual discord of the host 

OLD: https://discord.gg/dvPbW5MEzV
NEW: https://discord.gg/aV9TCYJYTt
ACGEN8ACGEN8 - I investigated and only magmanode servers were given at the beginning, right now they are giving their vps is more the owner showed screenshots of it
ACGEN8ACGEN8 - this is no longer useful
Vulture - how do you know this?
Vulture - youre joseQP???
Vulture -  - https://i.ibb.co/4W86CtQ/Captura-realizada-el-2022-08-24-16-23-12.png
ACGEN8ACGEN8 - not only does it open with amax and adrian and with some of the users and everything ends in the same thing, magmanode servers are no longer being given
Vulture - ok
Vulture - CLOSED
Jen - Vulture you don't own this thread i do
