Jxck_KV - smh
Flamez -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-11-09/1667986646-361835-image.png
Flamez -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-11-09/1667986671-304396-opera-0p32kug40f.png
Duxlolz - Knechtiieeee 

Knechtiieeee then explain why he’s sending death threats to many people?
MythicalDoggo - I was a developer at cloudmc an i confim this is true khootiee and other staff team for there they are underage! As where it comes to DDoS i confirm that cloudmc is DDoS other hosts and websites my websites got down because they were mad! avoid CloudMC big scam!
MythicalDoggo - I fogot to say that all staffs are dumb and dont even know to handle this host me and Tye aka Snyder were helping the host to keep up they abuse hetzner and linode (FREE SERVICES) i do it to but they wanted to sell premium plans on hetzner free servers! ⚠️THE OWNER IS 13 YR OLD⚠️
MythicalDoggo - vqnish_ SOON AS YOU EDIT THEM LOL
MythicalDoggo - BTW I FORGOT TO TELL BUT THIS HOST IS GONA SHUT DOWN SOON I GOT MY LAWYERS SUE THIS GUY THEY RUNNING THIS HOST ILLEGAL AND THE OWNER IS UNDERAGE AND THE STAFF TO PLEASE LEAVE CLOUDMC IF YOU ARE A STAFF MEMBER THIS IS NOT GONA END GOOD! YOU GUYS ARE UNDERAGE AND YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO DO THIS THIG ON INTERNET ITS ALL ILLEGAL AND THE MINIMUM AGE TO BUY A DOMAIN IS 18 Namecheap
Flamez - This thread is made by Ex-Staff team of cloudmc, so everything here is true
Flamez - He demoted the entire staff teams, including owners / management / sys admin / admin etc and saying that their un-professional
alvapepsi - ok so i was just demoted by latvis_ for calling him childish. so apparently having "The Cheese Fucker Incident At 9:18 PM on October 2, 2022, X messaged in the Discord server that he got cheese stuck on his dick." as your status isnt childish but calling latvis childish leads to a insta demotion &amp; ban. 10/10 staff must say really great - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-11-09/1668018117-639617-unknown.png
BeansCam - alvapepsi I really dont like them as they are so retarded the owner banned me.
alvapepsi - lmfao - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-11-09/1668018412-341542-capture.png
BeansCam - khootieexd Shut up your owners team is just so dumb get a life of yourself cunt you are like a 5 year old also dont go starting shit and your owner called Latvis is a little cunt retarded person I cannot make this into a reply to you and you better fuck off rat hope your community dies.

Cam
alvapepsi - BeansCam i wouldnt call it a community, i would call it a server full of dipshits
BeansCam - alvapepsi  Its just the owners being retarded and just the cloud.mc.host is bad after they banned sys admin and more.
alvapepsi - khootieexd you say im mad after demotion yet i was literally demoted for calling somebody childish lmfao
BeansCam - khootieexd shut up prick go get a life you little cunt retard.
alvapepsi - Snyder he makes £17 a day from adsense and still has to abuse providers lmfao
alvapepsi - khootieexd yeah but u did nothing about it
alvapepsi - ^^^ like rn yea im using a free trial for uh datacloud's storage however im going to be paying for it once i get my adsense done bcuz im not like khootiee &amp; badsk i can actually pay for things
alvapepsi - well you dmed me "WTF HETZNER TERMED ME" so
curiousartem - I honestly don't even know what to think about this.
Khootiee has also provided me with some "evidence" in DMs, saying that he's the one that's innocent, and that the only reason he behaves like this is because vanish was the reason Hetzner suspended their servers, and he was also insulting Duxlolz because, well, "I wasn't in the mood".

I don't know who to trust anymore in this, after khootiee told me the reason he's so mad about all of this and why he demoted all staffs.


I don't have an opinion on this yet - but for now, i'll just be waiting.
I also got banned from CloudMC's Discord server! It was made by Latvis - after I didn't want the chat to get deleted by him, so I jokingly said that I would "find him and do something bad with him", and this isn't really even against the rules of the server.
At first, Latvis said that "no, he wouldn't get banned" after he got asked by a booster, and then, 1 minute later said "though he will get banned because this is enough". (sentences not fully accurate)

If there is something that you could add to this, please make sure to reply to this post. Like it or not, but I'm the Switzerland for now. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2022-11-09/1668019332-934966-image.png
alvapepsi - but the host was alr down????
alvapepsi - khootieexd well actually yes i do use freenom but once again when my adsense is done im going to be paying for the freenom domain like so it couldnt expire yk and for the storage on datacloud
alvapepsi - khootieexd to be fair u did ask me if i had a vcc
alvapepsi - khootieexd today*
alvapepsi - the one i gave to u back then wasnt virtual it was a physical prepaid with like -£10 on it
Snyder - Khootiee mate, don't act like u did not card. i was in the GC, you can try to lie much as you want, I have RusJS who will help me. Now shush with your fucking small ass mouth.
alvapepsi - khootieexd proof of what?
alvapepsi - khootieexd proof of what??????????
curiousartem - hi
DefoNotLuna - wtf is going on khootieexd
GeoHasCameBack - gay
Snyder - khootieexd 

send me poof
DrAdri - khootieexd Hi
GeoHasCameBack - idiots d.gg is dead anyways gl
Jxshxx11 - Too bad yall are now back to being staff at cloudmc and you just exposed yourselves 💀

This is what petty and unnecessary drama leads to.
Nex - imagine using drama.gg now 💀
well its pretty dead now 
also khootiee you’re kind of dickhead but kind of my good friend too so I ain’t supporting anyone lmfao
Nex - @khootieexd hi
Jxshxx11 - My guy you literally just signed up and used d.gg what are you on about 💀
Gamer3514 - I purchased something from this person, it worked. I got what I payed for and it was all working. However a day later it stopped working. I asked why it was not working and he said that he would refund me as there had been an issue. I said sure however it has now been 7 days. He has been ignoring my dms and still no refund.
Nex - Jxshxx11 💀 it is my new acc cause I forgot my old acc creds lmao
alvapepsi - I agree with this thread
alvapepsi - He also begged me to delete all my messages in this thread when we were cool so i did. All restored 🙂
