RedPCat - Yo, I'm RedPCat. A ex-staff member of Windows Support Community, I joined just today to talk about WSC (Windows Support Community), they have really bad owners even sabotaging an another server called Windows 11 Community which I am no longer co-owner of after that server got deleted.

I'd like to mention what they've pulled that got Windows 11 Community deleted.

First Issue - One of the admins of WSC pretty much spit in one of the W11C staff's face because an another bot (Tickets) has a similar function. Which they wanted replaced, we got pissed and straight up called them out. The staff member was a developer hence why they got pissed.

Screenshot 1

Screenshot 2

Second Issue - The same admin posted an invite to their server, Windows Support Community back when it was Windows Community which reached 50 members in a week because they stole members from our server. Here's the thing, he wasn't a booster and staff aren't allowed to post their own ad in the booster promo channel. When he did this, people started going to this server so we called the dude out.

Screenshot 1

Screenshot 2 (The owner inviting the staff member)

Screenshot 2 of Issue #1 is also a role of this issue.

Afterwards, after the server got banned. More issues started appearing, like they've been redistributing modified copies of Windows 10 and they've been getting bad staff, one of the staff of WSC became a co-owner in 2 months when I was Junior Moderator for 2 months before I got banned.

First Issue - Wingamo Devs and their modded copies of Windows. Long story short, My ideas kept getting stolen and arguments kept happening which got me banned for no reason.

Second Issue (Part 1) - Members being toxic, especially the owners and Windows 7 users. Literally, I was doing my job moderating and some dude was telling others to downgrade to Windows 7 because Windows 10/11 sucks and we kept saying stop and they wouldn't stop so I had to ban that member.

Screenshot 1 (Taken by a friend of mine)

Screenshot 2 (Taken by the same person)

Screenshot 3

Screenshot 4 (I had to find a way to tell the person to stop)

NOTE: The first 2 screenshots are taken by TheDieMargus, the arabic name is the troublemaker.

Second Issue (Part 2) - More users keep telling others to use older software which isn't safe for your computer and could possibly have a virus. This was also where I had a mental breakdown because of some trolls in an another server.

Screenshot 1

Screenshot 2

Screenshot 3

The co-owner's pettiness - Image 1 (The person who got promoted in 2 months)

The co-owner's pettiness - Image 2

The co-owner's pettiness - Image 3

Me calling out the co-owner

Statement from my friend SilverTool

Statement from Callistemon

What TheDieMargus said about the situtation

Screenshots of the owner being a douche:
1

2

3

4

5 (dude actually did make fun of my mental health)

6 (Most of the arguments were caused by the staff)

7 (the co-owner lied about this)

8 (rubbing the members they got into my face)

9 (lying even though he's online almost all of the fuckin time)

10 (ignored the listen to members part)

11 (banned because you are immature jesus)

The owner being a retard

Owner making excuses - Image 1

Owner making excuses - Image 2

NOTE: I was still recovering from depression too at the time hence why I got banned, I'm mostly recovered now but this is why I decided to notify this site and anyone else about this server to protect themselves from bad staff and tech supporters. I've reported their server to discord as is and they didn't give a fuck. (I also forgot to mention I was in some other dramas that I didn't start in other servers too during the After W11C deletion at the time.)
yosoyboy19 - bro who cares about some stupid windows support community.
RedPCat - yosoyboy19 Don't respond if you're not going to be contributive to the conversation then.
Jen - RedPCat Yeah I mean realistically who cares about their community support bro.  Windows is a figure it out yourself kinda deal.
RedPCat - Jen This is drama.gg though, I wanted to mention the bad staff members.
Jen - RedPCat drama.gg has always been like this what exactly are u pointing out? lol
This is where we all complain about bullshit and all the mods do is close forums that are dead which is all they need to do anyways.
Arkhan_Old_Acc_Deleted - At this point if I would be Microsoft I would just shutdown stuff like this or atleast try as hard as possible. It just stupid how they behave. Telling people to downgrade to Windows 7 is stupid since it's still an EoL system. Of course it's better in my Opinion (I use Vista with Extended Kernel on my Second Laptop). But you shouldn't recommend that since basically if something happens to your System hes the fault. You cant do banking on Windows 7 and there aren't even secure Browsers except Firefox (at the end of the day they will also discontinue 7 like they did with XP and Vista). Windows 7 is just getting more far away of being a realistic Daily Operating system. If someone hates the new Windows Versions so much as me they should just switch to Linux or die in Depression using ReactOS.
Win - Arkhan_Old_Acc_Deleted ok
Arkhan_Old_Acc_Deleted - Win I appreciate that you ratioed me. Have a nice day!
Win - Arkhan_Old_Acc_Deleted don't worry
Win - be happy
