MythicalDoggo - This guy pretends to have his little company to take down websites that are using pirated services like whmcs etc. or abused provider servers like overavax. The hole point here is that he does nothing like he says that he took down over 9 websites but all of them are still up except overavax, he has not proof of a takedown if you ask him, he also is trying to copyright a paid template that he got for free  and did not pay. The funny thing is that he is underage to register a domain as he claimed that he is 13 years old i don't think you can register a domain at that age, He was also doing some bad stuff on internet like nuking a game panel at an old host called CloudMC. He used to have a whmcs installation to billing.scriptname.net
Everything started when I installed a whmcs test version on my domain to test something, and after that day he started his noabuse thing. I warn guys, this guy has some dark history, do not trust him. Everything he does is trying to get some attention, he is just a kid that does not have something better to do.  Also this is a small update imagine calling yourself Lewis Goom if you see this get a life also here is some more proof of this idiot 


https://i.imgur.com/4XBjQzg.png
https://i.imgur.com/BO000eA.png - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2023-01-05/1672943744-214261-image.png
TomG - He has proof of takedowns, he has literally taken down over 17 nodes so far, about the abusing nodes and stuff, yes. He admitted to it in the NoAbuse discord server although he has stopped and wants to prevent abusing from happening.

Get your information right.
MythicalDoggo - TomG No he dose not he did nothing he just take credits of some 1 else work!
GeoHasCameBack - @MythicalDoggo And you are an idiot making a bullshit thread
GeoHasCameBack - Listen man NO ONE CARES you got it?
MythicalDoggo - GeoHasCameBack Another skid well ok skid
GeoHasCameBack - MythicalDoggo Mate i dont run a host
TomG - imagine running a skid website which is the literal opposite of noabuse lmfao, get a life and stop making stupid threads to expose people 🤣
alvapepsi - Look skidsk v2, drama.gg is dead. Nobody cares about your false accusations against NoAbuse as an organization or any staff members within it. I have sent screenshots of my pc's files in our Discord server (that for rightfully banned in for being a skid) to prove I don't use "cracked" TailwindUI templates. However, I will not send screenshots of invoices or anything like that as it's not legally required. And yes, I am alvapepsi and ItzScripts. I changed my name a while ago to be more so called professional unlike you clearly are. About the nulled whmcs I had, if you look at the date you can see that was on November 2022 (when I used to abuse and work with badsk which I've already admitted). Aswell as that Discord screenshot. I have completly valid proof of takedowns however ask yourself this, why would I share proof of something that I literally don't need to to some 11 year old kid on Discord? Also, I have removed the DMCA protection and added credit to TailwindUI on our website as I found out that is what your meant to do and I didn't know that before. And, we do not "pretend" NoAbuse is a company. NoAbuse currently stands as an organization. None of the websites I've took down are still up and if they are please provide screenshots as you don't even know what services we have taken down! When you say, "is trying to get some attention" that is another false accusation. By looking at it, your the one trying to get attention by making this drama.gg thread. At NoAbuse, our goal is simply to make the internet a better place.

Regards,
NoAbuse
alvapepsi - Also, your the one that literally skidded our website.
alvapepsi - Lots of love,
NoAbuse
alvapepsi - Also, "Everything started when i installed a whmcs test version on my domain to test something and after that day he started his NoAbuse thing" is completely a lie. Your WHMCS is on billing.mythicalnodes.xyz and you literally posted in your Discord server you will be using that for your new client. Laughing my ass off.
alvapepsi - MythicalDoggo Geo doesn't even run a hosting service and he has servers at his house. Both of those things is more than anybody can say about you, skidsk v2.
Kowone - alvapepsi tbf that host looks like an ass
