Demonix - Hello. Probably everyone knows it by now but I will say anyways.
My friends saw a host called PylexNodes. Today I saw an annoucement saying that ALL nodes are offline, this happend multiple times before and major downtime was happening every month.
So I decided to send a message "imagine abusing aws" and got banned few SECONDS after.
This is just a warn for anyone that uses Pylex or plans on doing so, be aware that they only earn off you watching ads and your data can always be lost (backup as often as you can if you really can't switch to a proper hosting)
MythicalDoggo - Who is still using drama.gg lamo imagin eusing drama.gg in 2023 its dead asf
Chirag - huh, says the one who made a thread in 2023, ironic ain't it?
Demonix - By the way, the host is most likely ran by Badsk. In the page footer it says that they also own heliactyl..
PinePlatforms - Demonix 

Our infrastructure has never had an outage affecting all nodes before
This is a 1 time thing &amp; we've nearly recovered

There will be no loss of data and only a temporary downtime

Please contact support@sryden.com if you require more information

 — Ray Piste, Customer Satisfaction Manager @ Sryden.com
PinePlatforms - Demonix By the way, the host is most likely ran by Badsk. In the page footer it says that they also own heliactyl..

badsk / Matt James is the CEO of Sryden

— Ray Piste, Customer Satisfaction Manager @ Sryden.com
RusJS - Demonix Haha I am glad that I banned you. I was banning users who were annoying the crap out of staff. 

Also thanks for the free attention + who the fuck uses d.gg anymore
Demonix - PinePlatforms it has right now/yesterday lol
Demonix - RusJS idc about who uses drama.gg anymore, this post is just a warn to users.
Kowone - badsk is a dumb kid
SrydenCloud - Demonix 

Yes, it is a one time thing
We hope to not have any outages like this again

— Mike Coxlong, Senior Customer Satisfaction Manager @ Sryden.com
Sryden2 - We apologise for the outage

We hope to restore services shortly
Don't hesitate to contact our support team at support@sryden.com

— Ben Dover, Customer Satisfaction Executive @ Sryden.com
LewisG - ello'
LewisG - MythicalDoggo coming from the person that is clearly still using it 😃
Young - Demonix 

Tbh it really doesn't change anything.

Badsk has been warned about so many times in this community to a point where if you google "Badsk," you can find a drama.gg post ABOUT him 


If a person gets scammed by Badsk, the liability is all on the person who got scammed. They had a responsibility to do their research before working with a child on the internet lmao. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2023-04-15/1681518723-645649-image.png
Snyder - Not anymore, pylex go aquired by me, then i stepped down.
wolfy - Wolfy here.

Been owning Pylex since late April and I can confirm that this thread is not valid anymore.
Could this be closed? (I'd wish for it to be removed if possible).

Thanks!
PadowYT2 - wolfy 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
