Mirkovaj - This guy runs a company called "Vikas" and works on CTRLPANEL.GG where he earns money and asks people to send him money from India, I really don't have any other information, but I know he works illegally, he doesn't have any tax information - https://i.imgur.com/Q0UI2el.png
Mirkovaj - This guy runs a company called "Vikas" and works on CTRLPANEL.GG where he earns money and asks people to send him money from India, I really don't have any other information, but I know he works illegally, he doesn't have any tax information - https://i.imgur.com/qbeWxO9.png
Mirkovaj - This guy runs a company called "Vikas" and works on CTRLPANEL.GG where he earns money and asks people to send him money from India, I really don't have any other information, but I know he works illegally, he doesn't have any tax information - https://i.imgur.com/scpUk2N.png
CorwinDev - Hi there.

This report seems to be fake, as i know Flame as a great and nice developer!

And he doesn't run a company called vikas, but thats his name.

Maybe next time first investigate before publishing shit
HappyShigh - More like you making drama here 
Flame is a good person
And what the hell his name is vikash not company 😉
Kowone - Mirkovaj even if whatever you said was true, it'd be better if you could show an actual proof instead of just this baseless assumptions
Pweppapig - Flame (Vikas) is a genuinely great guy doing freelancing work. Afaik freelancing isn't illegal lmfao. 
Don't go hurting the reputation of people doing legitimate work when you're the one carding hosting providers and scamming people including Flame himself.
Sydney - Oh for the love of god...

Pweppapig before you start spewing that bs, back your claims with proof....
Mirkovaj That isn't really proof of shit...

be better
Han - Sydney 

Oh for the love of god...

In India, the minimum age to register a company is 18 years. This means that legally, individuals below the age of 18 cannot register a company on their own. They do not have the capacity to enter into legally binding contracts or fulfill the obligations that come with running a company.

However, if someone below the age of 18 is interested in starting a business, they may explore alternative options. One possibility is to involve their parents or legal guardians in the process. Parents or guardians can register the company on behalf of the minor and assume responsibility for its operations until the individual reaches the age of 18.

Please do your own research before trying to slander someones name,
be better
Tomas - Han From what I understand, Sydney is doing quite the opposite of slandering them as she's saying that the proof is invalid, I don't see where you've got the idea that that is slander from
PadowYT2 - Got in contact with Flame, I know that he is not a scammer in any way. What I learned, it is the same scumbag called Wajfay, you probably already know from my thread about him (if not, check from my profile)


This is his 3rd alt btw - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2023-06-17/1686996570-73637-image.png
PadowYT2 - Got in contact with Flame, I know that he is not a scammer in any way. What I learned, it is the same scumbag called Wajfay, you probably already know from my thread about him (if not, check from my profile)


This is his 3rd alt btw - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2023-06-17/1686996570-271933-image.png
FatGrizzly - I don't have much financial knowledge, but in India you must get a PAN card once you become 18(I can get when I'm 17 too, but then I gotta file taxes), and you can register a microextenterprise once you're 18.

I dont see any issues in selling services without being registered, and since the money probably hits their parents bank accounts, they would be filing taxes
Justin - Please, this is a shittread.

I don't see any issues with this company, As seen here, the guy is trustworthy.
Justin - Also, stop creating alts, ffs..
Justin - banned 🙂
