LandonHalley - God damn I havent used this website in awhile.
Dosent seem like it is completely dead but it definitely isnt as popular as it used to be.
I also feel like free Minecraft hosts have kinda died off. The only host that I know has even survived over the years is Falixnodes and I feel even it is way worse than it used to be in my short testing I did on their site.
Essentially, what happened to everyone/everything?
PadowYT2 - even tho im pratically new, it kinda is dead, just a little, mostly no one to talk about and a lot of trash threads
flaxeneel2 - LandonHalley hey landon long time no see (if you even remember me lol). yeah the site is kinda dying since there isnt any new and interesting drama that isnt just like the 5 trillion other instances of the exact same thing happening but with different names. the shady hosts have also been moving from mc to other fields. A lot of shady hosts i see these days are VPS hosts that are asking for $3 for 32gb ram "blazing fast" (not really) VPSs (the pricing is hyperbole, but not that far off from the truth), prices that any legit host would be out of their mind to charge. mc ones still do exist ofc, but yeah the focus has been moving these days. other than shady hosts, even the hosts i consider legit (for ex, falix) are slowly expanding from mc into other fields. for ex, falix is trying to sell VPSs/Dedicated servers now. i guess its harder now to stand out in the mc hosting space as something worth looking at with the space being saturated by all the shady mc hosts that already exist.

some people also see mc hosting as lazy, which i can see why, i mean, a lot of the starter hosts don't bother trying to do something new, its just pterodactyl + some multiegg that is totally perfectly functional and totally doesnt have a name ending with (-actyl) + some customer panel also totally doesnt have a name ending with (-ctyl) (i am bad at naming things but somehow these names are worse than my names for projects).

there is a lot of copying going on without any attempts of actually being unique. Not saying its true for every host to ever exist, but its true for a LOT of them, and that's why so many of them die out soon
Jen - PadowYT2 i mean we talk trash because people are stupid to not have common sense. Why would anyone believe 3 dollars a month for 32gb of ram lol and then come on here and complain. That's why we do what we do.
PadowYT2 - Jen what? im literally not saying about trash talking
LandonHalley - flaxeneel2 Yes I remember you it has been a long time.
Yeah I noticed Falixnodes has VPS and dedicated hosting. In my opinion they need to fix their client panel and there "newpanel" I tried it and it is horrible lol. But yeah I just recently came back to the site and nobody really talking about how "THIS NEW HOST IS SCAMMING KIDS OUT OF ROBUX" so i figured I would make a post questioning it.
