NahReally - ashishroy07 Btw Mike is Dustin and Dustin has ran CozeNodes (And some other host I don't remember its name) but anyways lets get to the point Dustin is basically a known Carder and Contabo Referral Abuser
NahReally - Also apparently he doesnt offer refunds and I just have to say this stay the fuck away from providers especially small ones like flexihosting for an example and most providers that don't and if you can make sure you chargeback the money you paid
PadowYT2 - ashishroy07 what is this low-key advertising of the dc server. you must provide proof in the thread, not on your dc server
Kowone - ashishroy07 Join this Discord for more information: https://discord.gg/hdY66HQeKW

is this some kind of self-promotion? why do you not directly post the "proofs" here?
PadowYT2 - message from itzgeo:

ashishroy07 you have been also scamming as mike, your vpses didn't even lasted i have some of your customers that can prove it and you've asked for a free trial one of my vps size the 16GB RAM one and never came back with a response after 10 minutes.
ast3risk - ashishroy07 @Justin  This is self-promotion. Potentially one of the mods can look at this?
debargha - NahReally what is referral abusing? btw does Contabo really terminate a VPS if it is ddosed?
ashishroy07 - PadowYT2 This is not my personal discord server this discord server have only proof of scam
ashishroy07 - PadowYT2 can you give more proof ? Please
Because there is only few people who didn't got vps or refund due to Mike I ordered from Mike he didn't refund my money of vps also no data he gave us
ashishroy07 - Kowone this is not my personal discord server this server only have scam proof
ashishroy07 - ast3risk you checked which discord server link I put here join and cheak this is not my personal discord I will delete it after that scam hosting going to be removed or closed
PadowYT2 - ashishroy07 then don't make a thread, or make a thread with proof and not linking a dc server
PadowYT2 - ashishroy07 unfortunatly i have no idea what the fuck the hosting is
PadowYT2 - PadowYT2 you didn't even provide the link to the hosting
NahReally - debargha I will not be leaking the method and yes contabo does terminate the vps if it gets ddosed
PadowYT2 - NahReally ???? no contabo just doesnt have anti-ddos and wont do a fuck about it
NahReally - PadowYT2 They do if your vps gets ddosed to much or it is too high they will lock it
PadowYT2 - message 2 from itzgeo: - https://cdn.padow.ru/584rh
PadowYT2 - message 2 from itzgeo: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2023-09-14/1694721098-941428-image.png
debargha - NahReally if you know the method then why not report it to contabo?
debargha - PadowYT2 
here is the link of the hosting Flexihosting (Slicehosting): https://discord.gg/cyF4jjpxmk
although he deleted the old chats and announcements after he changed the name
NahReally - debargha I have but i doubt they actually give that much of a shit
