Lix - Hi so I got muted from BombHosting 


I got muted from spamming yeah that's bad. But yk it was an accident 

I got muted for ever - 


Temp 

Also this is fucking professional 

@Vanquish 




Wait registering on paypal with fake name wtf? Correct me if im wrong.


https://discord.gg/MKFSX9jf - Discord - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614533701-988029-image.png
Lix - Hi so I got muted from BombHosting 


I got muted from spamming yeah that's bad. But yk it was an accident 

I got muted for ever - 


Temp 

Also this is fucking professional 

@Vanquish 




Wait registering on paypal with fake name wtf? Correct me if im wrong.


https://discord.gg/MKFSX9jf - Discord - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614533725-851934-image.png
Lix - Hi so I got muted from BombHosting 


I got muted from spamming yeah that's bad. But yk it was an accident 

I got muted for ever - 


Temp 

Also this is fucking professional 

@Vanquish 




Wait registering on paypal with fake name wtf? Correct me if im wrong.


https://discord.gg/MKFSX9jf - Discord - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614533776-177170-image.png
Lix - Hi so I got muted from BombHosting 


I got muted from spamming yeah that's bad. But yk it was an accident 

I got muted for ever - 


Temp 

Also this is fucking professional 

@Vanquish 




Wait registering on paypal with fake name wtf? Correct me if im wrong.


https://discord.gg/MKFSX9jf - Discord - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614533937-289613-image.png
Lix - just to add he is ignoring my tickets - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614534243-212797-image.png
Two - ok it's by daft so idc
RusJS - Lix no snowyhost is the main host, bombhost is the second host. and also stop getting mad over a mute, rules are equal for everyone
Lix - so professional wow - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614534451-479499-image.png
EdwardSnowde - Lix Wow, nice winterhoax Lix, The ticket was closed because you spammed tickets.
EdwardSnowde - RusJS Its actually reversed rus.
Lix - EdwardSnowde nah you closed them because you dont want to get exposed
EdwardSnowde - Lix Well originally, Bombhost was supposed to own snowyhost so we could kick back up,but that never happened
EdwardSnowde - Lix Exposed for what?
Lix - EdwardSnowde unprofessional service
Lix - Yours staff banned @Vanquish because that reason its stupid
EdwardSnowde - Lix Also why is this marked with bad services, when our nodes havn't been down at all. https://edward.is-inside.me/0wP42zVS.png
EdwardSnowde - Lix Wait it was that guy?
Lix - Vanquish got banned for a stupid reason
Daftscientist - Lix i banned van since he took affinity and banned me from it for no reason
Vanquish - Daft banned me for just existing.
Lix - Vanquish Lmao
Daftscientist - Vanquish yep, perhaps that was not the best approach BUT your mean to most of my staff when they were working in affinity.
Vanquish - Daftscientist How was I mean to your staff at Affinity?
Daftscientist - Vanquish well you took the whole server from us, you then banned half of us bc we were expressing our opinions so tbh you cannot accuse me banning you for a stupid reason when i was chatting in general of affinity and you banned me so yh.
Vanquish - Daftscientist 

Daft, I didn't take the server from you I was given it. There is a difference.

I banned you for chatting shit in general chat, if all you aim to be is toxic we will take action.
EdwardSnowde - Vanquish you and daft are treating this like penny for penny dime for dime bullet for bullet.
Daftscientist - the only reason i did not winterhoax "new affinity renamed thingy" is:
im banned
im kind and i don't like winterhoaxing people since it ruins people
all in all im sorry for banning you BUT im not sorry for muting this kid since the kid was spamming in general. I deleted rus' warn and readded it with a reason. I did not notice that it was 1h.
I am not toxic, i have had a rly bad day TODAY any other day i am not toxic. and im bearly toxic today.
Daftscientist - Vanquish "we will take action." :hmm:
Daftscientist - Look i dont want to escalate this can we just all calm down?
Vanquish - Daftscientist you have no reason to winterhoax asteroid..?
Vanquish - Daftscientist no not really, bomb is just not a good host
Daftscientist - Vanquish ok then write some points about that then.
Daftscientist - Vanquish im sure i could
Daftscientist - Anyway im outa here...
Vanquish - Daftscientist under what grounds?
Daftscientist - Vanquish aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i said im outa here, im sorry ok, i accused you.
Daftscientist - perhaps your not a "shitty person" but affinity was taken after i had worked rly hard on it...
Lix - Daftscientist If you didnt ban none of this would of happened
RusJS - Lix lmao yyou never got banned
RusJS - Lix also stop wasting their time - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-02-28/1614536284-724901-image.png
Lix - RusJS That has nothing to do with the convo of this thread. I paid you i will try refund and doing it again
Lix - RusJS Did i say i got banned all i said was i got muted?
Daftscientist - Lix you never got banned
Lix - Daftscientist I did not no lol
RusJS - Lix no you didnt i think logs is a thing
 or proof is a thing
Daftscientist - banning van had nothing to do with you or anyone else
Lix - Why are you trying to switch up the convo
Lix - Daftscientist So, im winterhoaxing this.
RusJS - Lix no one is.
Lix - STFU lol.
EdwardSnowde - welp problem solved I guess
Vanquish - EdwardSnowde not at all, sorry buddy
Bxrk - bomb host would be better if you banned chimmy #banchimmy
PxndaForLife - hi :)
PxndaForLife - these kids man just ignore them, making a winterhoax because of a mute so childish if u didn't like the host then LEAVE
Bxrk - PxndaForLife Vanquish got banned for a stupid reason - Lix
PxndaForLife - Bxrk he got banned for being a piece of shit
Patriarch260 - No point of making a host for mute but doesn’t change the fact the host is childish
Lix - Patriarch260 No  they close tickets out of random for no reason and they banned Vanquish for no reason.
Lix - Wow, so legit warned me like 10 times for the same reason - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-01/1614584538-939899-image.png
Patriarch260 - Lix " literal how not to act as a staff in a hosting".
Lix - Patriarch260 me?
Lix - i got muted like 6 times tf ok
Lix - my brain - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-01/1614585491-65609-image.png
Chimmy - Lix 1 time lmao, you don't even have 10 warnings
Lix - look how it is
Lix - Chimmy 4 Times, actually.
Chimmy - Yea.. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-01/1614585726-35804-screenshot-20210301-160127.jpg
Chimmy - not even me who did it, I did once.
Lix - Chimmy * Chimmy sees warn already done * * warns again *
Lix - Chimmy kicked me. For spitting out truth ok - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-01/1614585851-93319-image.png
Chimmy - Yea totally u didn't have a warn previously, anyways your gone from here
Lix - Chimmy for exposing you? ok
Chimmy - Lix nah I don't feel exposed, it's more like you who's talking shit about bomb
Lix - Chimmy so that gives you an excuse to ban me?
Chimmy - I didn't ban you lmao
Lix - Chimmy invite me back lol i wanna try your services
Chimmy - Lix why would you want do come back after saying so much shit about bomb, makes no sense
Lix - Chimmy i wanna try your services
Lix - Chimmy 
sure man - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2021-03-01/1614586360-753072-image.png
Lix - not banned at all
Lix - or maybe they deleted the invite because winterhoax hahaha
Lix - forgot to add the website is https://bombhost.cloud/
Lix - panel: https://panel.bombhost.cloud/auth/login
Patriarch260 - Lix not you I meant the staff in Bomb
Tomas - how is bombhost unprofessional if it has been on standby for like 3 months rofl
PxndaForLife - Tomas just ignore that kid he is so childish making a whole winterhoax for getting muted LMAO
Patriarch260 - It’s ridiculous making a winter hoax for getting muted but you can’t just say it’s professional just cause it stand by? How do you know if they are getting profit or are just using their parent's money to keep the stupid project.
PxndaForLife - Patriarch260 they do make money but they will need a lil help from their parents as well
and its a good project not stupid
Lix - PxndaForLife yoo that would be pog if my parents gave me free money
Lix - PxndaForLife no but the fact that you banned vanquish for that reason tho
Lix - Patriarch260 its childish yes, its ran by a bunch of kids, maybe not but how they react just tells us that
Two - Lix You literally tried to winterhoax this host because you got muted (or kicked/banned) for breaking their rules.
Sure, they may be unprofessional, but you can't be complaining if you are less professional, and they aren't as unprofessional as other winterhoaxs.
Hosting providers would "ignore" you if you just try to find ways to expose them right after the hosting provider's release.
No one is perfect, and I believe they haven't done enough "wrongs" to be considered a winterhoax.
As seen on the first "image proof", you got muted for spamming.
Adding on, just because they are run by children doesn't mean the hosting provider would be bad. 
They could be somewhat unprofessional, but that could be all. 
The fact they survived their first day after all this winterhoax drama with fewer people against them shows that they could be able to run a host in a way to not be considered a winterhoax.

No, I am not affiliated with BombHosting in any way.
Vanquish - Two I believe that banning a user with no other reason than for their existence is a winterhoaxable offense.
Bxrk - i dont even know about bomb host anymore i dont mind it they do them
Bxrk - Vanquish lix got banned for no reason i think idk
RusJS - Bxrk lix never got banned
Vanquish - Bxrk no, that would be me. I was banned for no reason Lix was different.
RusJS - Bxrk he got muted 1h for spamming "can i buy" and now he will be banned for creating useless tickets and saying he paid 50$ multiple times when he hasn't even donated that amount
Bxrk - RusJS didnt he send a ss?
Bxrk - RusJS rip lol
RusJS - Bxrk ss of what

btw rules are equal for everyone
Bxrk - RusJS he got banned for creating a winterhoax
RusJS - Bxrk he did?
Bxrk - RusJS yah chimmy once again
RusJS - Bxrk no he got banned for creating multiple useless tickets saying he paid 50$ and never did
EdwardSnowde - 1st off. You got muted for spam, and because it was mobile, it is ok. The same thing happened to me. When I was sending messages in mobile, it bugged and kept the message so I kept sending it by accident, so I ended up getting muted. 
2nd, You legit lied to us, about donating 50 dollars to our paypal.  https://edward.is-inside.me/K3KDtmq4.png. Anyways, if you want the ticket transcripts just DM me on discord. Because WinterHoax dosn't allow HTML files.
Bxrk - RusJS from what i know he was going to donate that amount but closed the tab and forgot to click confirm. he created multiple tickets because his kept getting closed.
Bxrk - EdwardSnowde not me im saying what lix said
Bxrk - this is nothing to do with me so dont be mad at me pls
Bxrk - be mad at lix
RusJS - Bxrk then why did he create MULTIPLE useless tickets saying random stuff. In the "donation" ticket he said he already donated 50$ several times in the ticket and he has NOT donated anything at all
Bxrk - RusJS he actually thought he did but the fact that your staff celebrates over a ban or mute thats pretty yk bad ig lol
Bxrk - RusJS he thought he donated. but he didnt he forgot to click confirm
EdwardSnowde - Bxrk  1st off. He did get muted, I didn't investigate, but from what I know this mute should of been pardoned. With the ticket spam, fincatual fraud, and overall problems he caused, in my opinion, he does deserve a ban. As I have shown, the paypal activity dosnt show that he paid 50 dollars.
EdwardSnowde - Anyways, i gotta go.
Bxrk - HE FORGOT TO CLICK CONFIRM HIS MISTAKE
Tomas - Lix 

It's a business account, it's meant to be registered under a name of a business
Daft shouldn't have said that about Vanquish but he did, he should've done that in a private channel but heyho
You got muted for spamming, it's still spam whether it was an accident or not.
EdwardSnowde - Bxrk there is no "confirm" in paypal.
Bxrk - Tomas ohh ok lol i'll tell lix
Daftscientist - Tomas Daft shouldn't have said that about Vanquish but he did, he should've done that in a private channel but heyho
 yea I take blame :Sad:
EdwardSnowde - So whats up with this shit now? Resolved? What?
Bxrk - ....////
Bxrk - ThatTom ?
ThatTom - Bxrk wrong thread lol
Bxrk - ok
Bxrk - uhhh sooo?
eraters - oh my god the site is so ugly
EdwardSnowde - eraters you willing to make us a website for 1 dollar?
Bxrk - EdwardSnowde i can
Bxrk - Template OFC jk
EdwardSnowde - Bxrk ight bet
Bxrk - EdwardSnowde pay me and i use template 😃
EdwardSnowde - Bxrk Tomas already made one I just have to change it from german to english
Tomas - EdwardSnowde yes i thought i should just give you the challenge
EdwardSnowde - Tomas I will just email it to Hetzner Support and they will translate it.

https://edward.is-inside.me/eZCJ1cya.png
https://edward.is-inside.me/6dTnt1Ud.png
Tomas - EdwardSnowde fair
Bxrk - ,....
RumGuru - Owner of bomb host
https://winterhoax.com/d/296-real-truth-about-maple-7777
And its closing rn
EdwardSnowde - RumGuru it isnt.
Bxrk - bomb host switched into paid lol
EdwardSnowde - Bxrk 
Might go back to free if ads like us
Bxrk - EdwardSnowde whats your discord?
Bxrk - you are in stackhoax right/
