Deleted User - First of all, Drama.gg is just a bunch of kids (in the ages of under 15), who think they are "exposing" companies, harassing hosts, just joining &amp; harassing them, 2nd, their website is ddosed soo much, &amp; they don't even probably have ddos protection.

They also have soo much toxic members, legit, they don't provide real claims, they just start cursing to the people, they start harassing people. Look back on the threads.

They also make a lot of false claims, such as these (not to mention the mods don't give a f****)
https://drama.gg/d/394-atlas-hosting-they-dont-know-how-to-run-a-host/44 (it's legit, fake &amp; people join &amp; harras them, 2nd of all, they were just confused)
https://drama.gg/d/415-nicke-mcs-hosting-ltd-over-allocating (Mcs Hosting LTD has already responded to all the claims)
https://drama.gg/d/405-nymetrocloud-no-tosbans-people-for-posting-emojis/2 (Just fake)
&amp; many more.


Its hard for many hosts. And they just started and we are still learning and starting and we can’t take this. You guys make many small/new hosts quit.

They admitted being under 15, try to find it on the drama.gg updates channel (which is a log)




Look at your fucking Trustpilot: 
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/www.winterhoax.com
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/drama.gg
DeadBush - I agree. Mostly here in drama.gg 90% of the time I see harrasment instead of Exposing
europa - the age part is one of the more true things ive heard in a while
Deleted User - europa They admitted it, guys try to find it on the drama.gg updates channel (which is a log)
Deleted User - DeadBush Yeah, they join the server, &amp; start harassing, instead of asking, getting their side, &amp; giving them improvements, unless they are super scummy.
eraters - i.. cant tell if this is a real attempt or just sarcasm
Deleted User - eraters ...
europa - https://innitbank.com/video/proof.mp4
AlphaDarky - europa stop
FatGrizzly - Hmm, I agree that this community is toxic, but yeah, small babies are running hosts(ThatBad, lamaker etc etc), harassing those hosts is not bad tbh
Deleted User - FatGrizzly So ur harassing kids, man, that is just messed up.
Deleted User - True true - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-27/1619500581-280636-image.png
AlphaDarky -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-27/1619500589-768288-image.png
Deleted User - AlphaDarky BetterDiscord/PowerCord is against Discord TOS
AlphaDarky - Falixx does it look like i care? and they dont just ban u for themes
Deleted User - AlphaDarky Still, anyway.
Chirag - Falixx 100% fireshot confirmed
DeadBush - K im not gonna be baised and say whatever I saw in drama.gg. gotta say you people harras nova a lot. I mean she is in relationship with Lamaker dosent mean she is bad, LDR is a relationship. You guys have no proof of she being with him for money. She has been depressed a lot with this shit. Just remember some people are soft can take bad steps. What if some day she suicides just cuz you guys are harasing her a lot? what you gonna do at that time will u take responsibility? I have seen a lot of people suiciding cuz of harrasment and at the end the people get tracked and punished. Even @Sloth is involved in harrasing her.
Now some people will say im simping on her but no I just saw what is going on and just posted here. Nova is way younger than me and she is like a lil sis to me. And Please stop harrasing people. This place is to expose sketchy companies not to harras people 🙂
Triassic - Why can no one spell harassing right?
Jedrik - Falixx They also make a lot of false claims, such as these (not to mention the mods don't give a f****)

You can always message us, all our dms are open, ever tried that?
Jedrik - Falixx their website is ddosed soo much, &amp; they don't even probably have ddos protection.

We have ddos protection, there's not much we can do anymore. If you want more information on this message Sloth
Deleted User - Jedrik hmmmmmm.............., though it is still your job.
Deleted User - Jedrik Okay
Deleted User - Triassic it's filled with people under 15.
Jedrik - Falixx They also have soo much toxic members, legit, they don't provide real claims, they just start cursing to the people, they start harassing people. Look back on the threads.

As I said before, and have to remind all of you again and again, we can't avoid that. That's what drama.gg, summerhoax, winterhoax lives off of.
Jedrik - Falixx Its hard for many hosts. And they just started and we are still learning and starting and we can’t take this. You guys make many small/new hosts quit.

It wouldn't be hard if they took it seriously, if they assure quality before going public, if they're sure that they're not doing anything wrong, have all the legal documents in place, etc.
Tomas - Falixx What you don't understand is that this community is going to be toxic. People are going to get harassed, it's just the nature of the server.

The server does have DDoS Protection too &amp; Sloth and Nathan were working on extra rules to prevent downtime. People attack it because they don't like it, fair enough.
Jedrik - Falixx Look at your fucking Trustpilot: 
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/www.winterhoax.com
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/drama.gg

Guess what? Kindly look at the old threads, those salty children are the same ones reviewing on there. We also don't maintain nor care about our trustpilot
Deleted User - Jedrik First of all, you have never said that before to me, 2nd of all, yeah I'll admit, there is nothing u can really, YOU CAN ONLY, try banning them.
Jedrik - Falixx Ah yes let's ban 95% of the community, good move
Tomas - Falixx Who even are you? It seems you are just hiding behind a screen
Deleted User - Jedrik You gust harras them into shutting down, they cannot do anything, they add TOS, but still you guys join, asking for the nodes specs again &amp; again, even if it's resolved, there is nothing they can do.
Deleted User - Tomas Yes.
Jedrik - We have guidelines in place, we punish people who we see are against the main goal of the site, if you find someone, report them to us. Again, our dms are always open.
Jedrik - Falixx AND THIS IS WHY OUR DMS ARE OPEN, YOU CAN REPORT THIS TO US. I REVIEW THREADS ON A DAILY BASIS, YOU CAN BRING ONE TO MY ATTENTION
Deleted User - Jedrik Yes, such a good idea, deserves a golden medal.
Tomas - Falixx That doesn't answer the question. What's your discord username?
Deleted User - Jedrik chill, chill..., also you should have mentioned that on the website, because that issue happens a lot, so I suggest that, also I suggest you to go on Drama.gg &amp; see what actually goes on.
Deleted User - Tomas I do not give out info that I don't want to give out.
Deleted User - Jedrik Unprofessional to scream at someone!!
Tomas - Falixx Then no one will take you seriously
Jedrik - Falixx I'm emphasizing since I have to say this over and over again, not screaming at you.
Deleted User - Tomas... Hmmmm............................. Still, this is just something.
Jedrik - Falixx We don't have to mention everything. It's common sense. I've mentioned you can always contact us on several threads, I've even mentioned it to people complaining on our discord.
Jedrik - Falixx Please scroll down to the bottom of the site,

"Drama is an undeniable fuel of life.“

With drama, there is toxicity, that's what we've accepted, no matter how much we try to avoid it, it's always gonna be there, because the whole concept of the forum is "drama"
Deleted User - Jedrik WTF, no it's not! It's to expose people, NOT for toxicity!
Jedrik - Falixx Again, with drama, there is toxicity, the whole concept is drama. Kindly read our url. DRAMA.gg
Tomas - Falixx You come in here attacking a forum on their own site. Under a fake username. Using a username of a host that no one here likes.


How are you expecting to be taken seriously?
How is it Drama.gg's fault they get DDoSed? They can't exactly prevent it if it's too strong.
sanity - I totally agree with this thread.
Deleted User - Tomas 😆 That is funny.
Deleted User - thx - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-27/1619504927-5308-image.png
doze - i agree.
Tomas - doze alt
AlphaDarky - imagine alting
Tomas - AlphaDarky ^
Chirag - I actually essentially kind of disagree with this thread, which essentially definitely is fairly significant in a subtle way.
leastile - europa LMAO
doze - Tomas I am not a alt. I am his friend.
Sloth - @1#12411 First of all, Drama.gg is just a bunch of kids (in the ages of under 15), who think they are "exposing" companies, harassing hosts, just joining &amp; harassing them

We do not condone harassment in the slightest, some people do join their Discord servers or chat with their support, however, it's just them asking questions most of the time. Some people do go on to annoy the host's staff, yet we do not condone this at all, and once reported to us, will be investigated.

@1#12411 2nd, their website is DDoSed soo much, &amp; they don't even probably have DDoS protection.

We're using OVH Game protection on our backend, and have a Path.net proxy in place (which we have taken out of production temporarily due to a fatal issue in Nathan G's mitigation software), Nathan G created mitigation software for us, which pretty much mitigated it all, once this is back in production, our site should be pretty safe from these attacks. 

@1#12411 They also have soo much toxic members[.]

This is due to the nature of our site, it's about Drama, and no matter how we enforce our guidelines, there will be toxicity, that's been true since the early days of WinterHoax, and will be true till the end. If we went ahead and banned anyone who violates any of our rules, we'd need to ban 90% of our community. The site's called Drama.gg, toxicity is something we just need to deal with.

@1#12411 [L]egit, they don't provide real claims, they just start cursing to the people, they start harassing people.

Jedrik and I look through almost all Threads to the best of our abilities, checking if valid proof is provided, and if not we let people know to attach proof or their Thread/Post would be removed. We edit insults out of Posts when we find them, due to the entire staff team living in about the same region it is difficult to monitor all Threads, considering that we are humans and can't spend three hours a day looking through Threads, editing out insults. If you see this happen, feel free to report it to us, and we'll take action.

@1#12411 Look back on the threads.

They also make a lot of false claims, such as these (not to mention the mods don't give a f****)

As I said above, we only keep Threads and Posts up which provide valid proof. We don't spend our entire day looking through this, we have lives too, ya' know, and if you see someone accusing something without proof, report it to us, I can't stress this enough.

@1#12411 https://drama.gg/d/394-atlas-hosting-they-dont-know-how-to-run-a-host/44 (it's legit, fake &amp; people join &amp; harras them, 2nd of all, they were just confused)

According to what I can see, it looks like that host was missing legal info and lying about their node specs, that isn't a good look on a host, and once they got called out for it did not do anything to resolve their issue. Looks pretty ignorant to me, and looks like a valid Thread.

@1#12411 https://drama.gg/d/415-nicke-mcs-hosting-ltd-over-allocating (Mcs Hosting LTD has already responded to all the claims)

They did not, and a case where NickE leaked a customer's information just came up, which isn't really great. NickE isn't a bad person, he's beloved by the majority of the community, however, it's still a valid Thread. 

@1#12411 https://drama.gg/d/405-nymetrocloud-no-tosbans-people-for-posting-emojis/2 (Just fake)

The original poster deleted the original Post, which explained how the host in question stole a logo from another host without permission, the poster seems to have actually gotten exposed, which is quite funny to me, and reviewing the Thread again seems to have been resolved, which we have marked it as now.

@1#12411 &amp; many more.

All the "false Threads" you provided weren't valid, if you want the team to go over a Thread again, to see if it's still valid, you can just report it to us and let us know, seriously, you may DM us on Discord, flag a Thread or Post right here on the forum, or just E-Mail us at hello@drama.gg and we'll check it as soon as possible.

@1#12411 It's hard for many hosts. And they just started and we are still learning and starting and we can’t take this. You guys make many small/new hosts quit.

The issue is that hosting is a delicate market, think about your clients, they trust your service with their data, and if you shut down after a month just like 90% of new hosts do, you take their data with you, which isn't fun for anybody. If you start a host, you'll get treated by one, and saying "I'm still learning" isn't a valid excuse, you have responsibilities. Drama.gg is to spread awareness about these companies, letting people know not to use/support these organizations. We're also not only for exposing hosts anymore, people expose certain people or game servers which scam or seem to be running not-so-legal things. New hosts may quit, but that's just their choice, they can decide whether to fix their issues and learn to responsibly run a host or quit the industry and spare people data loss and unnecessary stress.

@1#12411 They admitted being under 15, try to find it on the drama.gg updates channel (which is a log)

Where? Jedrik and I are pretty open about our age, and personal information, and value transparency very highly, I don't see your point here.

@1#12411 Look at your fucking Trustpilot: 
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/www.winterhoax.com
https://www.trustpilot.com/review/drama.gg

As Jedrik explained before in layman's terms, "those salty children are the same ones reviewing on there". We do not really care about our Trustpilot pages, a website like this is bound to get reviewed badly by the people who got exposed by it, and the people which use it normally don't review it, cause why would they? You don't review services you use without being either asked to review it by the company, or have had a bad experience with it, and as we do not care about our Trustpilot, we don't ask people to review us.

@12#12422 So ur harassing kids, man, that is just messed up.

These are kids who've had data breaches and suffered data loss, if you put thousand's of people's data at risk, you deserve to get something in return.

DeadBush [...] gotta say you people harras nova a lot. [...]

She knows we're just joking around, I asked her if she knows it's just fun and games, and she clarified that doesn't take it seriously, and gets it. She's a pretty chill person, maybe a bit annoying at times but that's not something bad per se. She makes fun of us, we make fun of her.

Tomas What you don't understand is that this community is going to be toxic. People are going to get harassed, it's just the nature of the server.

We can't do anything about this, we try to keep legitimate harassment off of this forum and our Discord server, however, we can not control how people act outside of our control. Once again, you can report this to us, we've stated this a dozen times already. 

I believe I've debunked all of your points, if you have anything to add, feel free to do so, we strive to keep Drama.gg an unbiased and open community, so if you have any feedback for us, for things which we can control, just let us know.

And due to people apparently not being able to figure out how to contact us:

Discord ─ feel free to DM us, our Discord usernames are Papi Jedrik#1666 and Sloth#0199.
E-Mail ─ send us an E-Mail at hello@drama.gg.
Forum ─ if you wish to just report a Thread or Post, you may click the "Flag" button on the Thread or Post in question, and we'll take a look at it as soon as possible.
Bxrk - guys paypal me £5 and i will tell you who falix is...
Chirag - Bxrk Falixx is FireShot.
Dragonizedpizza - @1#12411 I agree. While a few of their claims may be true, their community's main purpose is to harass and "expose", as you said. 

...That, and an administrator here seems to be a 14 year old, atleast mentally.


I must say though, good job on the site. The admins do have commitment towards drama.gg. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-28/1619638491-781885-image.png
eraters - Dragonizedpizza Drama.gg is in NO way built for professionalism, it's a site where kids yeet bad hosts out the window.
Chirag - eraters it's a site where kids yeet bad hosts out the window.

It's a site where we defenestrate bad hosts and/or people.
eraters - Chirag like it or not thats the same as what i said
Jedrik - Dragonizedpizza That, and an administrator here seems to be a 14 year old, atleast mentally.

lmao, again, I emphasized every single word since some people don't have common sense nor have spent at least a second on the forum to have realized:

We have a report system
We have a discord
We've mentioned our email, discord usernames, and even my personal email in several threads

To contact us on if they have any reports, suggestions, etc. I've even had to make a thread since his counter was should have said it on the site
Dragonizedpizza - eraters Agreed.
Dragonizedpizza - Jedrik 

I didn't ask.
Still didn't ask.
I don't think I asked.
   
   I'm talking about kids "exposing" sites, and you're talking about contacting you.
   
   
What sense does this make btw? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-28/1619641108-774988-image.png
Deleted User - Chirag Idk,
Jedrik - Dragonizedpizza Ah yes "I didn't ask" in an open forum, on a post where I defended my self. You clearly showed a screenshot of me telling him that he could've contacted me calling me "14 years old mentally". Read the fucking context before you talk.
Jedrik - Dragonizedpizza I'm talking about kids "exposing" sites, and you're talking about contacting you.

Did you even read your screenshot? Oh, you saw big letters and saw it as "immature"?
Jedrik - Dragonizedpizza What sense does this make btw?

I was just stating that I had to create a thread since illiterate fucks like OP neither have eyes nor common sense
Deleted User - hmmm, yes very professional from a staff
Jedrik - eraters 

FireShot Kindly read ^
Deleted User - Jedrik thx
Deleted User - @Jedrikalso pls delete this drama.gg account
Deleted User - Im underaged to be on here
Sloth - No need to be overly professional and formal in this case, we do not need to change our personality during an informal conversation. I run my site the way I run it, during reports and other formalities we treat it differently of course, however, something like this does not require that. Jedrik has actually been quite polite and considerate at first, and after you acting childishly and adding unnecessary/idiotic comments, with your intention to infuriate someone, he's in his right to treat you the way you're supposed to be treated. We've been considerate and kept this thread open all this time, so if you have any real arguments to add, go ahead and do so. Sloth out
Bxrk - @80#12602 hi badsk
Deleted User - Chirag confirmed
Deleted User - Bxrk ur paypal pls??
Deleted User - eraters Admins do not need to act professional, it is there system you are using &amp; they can ban you, or do anything FOR NO OR ANY REASON!!, FalixNodes; was also allowed to ban people for NO reason, on there server, because people were damaging their reputation, I am also allowed to ban people on samurai hosting (and my future host lightning host, I'll make a thread about it, when it releases.), I can BAN, KICK, TAKE SOMEONE OFF OUR SERVERS FOR ANY REASON, BECAUSE IT IS MY SYSTEM YOU ARE USING!!!!!!!!!
Deleted User - Tomas I don't.
Deleted User - @1#12411 Mcs Hosting LTD has already responded to all the claims

They have not!
Deleted User - DeadBush There is no such thing as "exposing".
Deleted User - Bxrk First of all, Badsk is a 12 yr old kid, who posts porn, 2nd of all, I would not like to be badsk, or am him, he is very rude to his own staff, &amp; is very childish.
Bxrk - FireShot bxrkboi@gmail.com // https://paypal.me/summerhosting
Deleted User - Bxrk lmaoo
Deleted User - FireShot I already know who Falixx is, it's me.
Bxrk - lmao no its not
Bxrk - if u was ur annoying asf
Deleted User - Bxrk The discord guy was MArkingg which was my alt, plus I said that (on the falixx) account.

DO YOUR RESEARCH! - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-30/1619823097-526290-image.png
Deleted User - FireShot If you think I am fake FireShot:

Here if proof of me having the DO NOt Deal With ROle: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-04-30/1619823166-17051-image.png
Deleted User - I want to apologize for being rude
Ash777 - DeadBush same
WSGR - eraters and then u expose other hosts for being unprofessional.
Jen - @1#12411 lmfao
Why is there even a trust pilot for a forum that exposes host
Of course it won't have a good rating
SirCat - WSGR man ur a bit late LIKE 7 MONTHS LATE
YusufYaser - why are you bumping a dead thread
SirCat - YusufYaser uhm i have no idea why i did but why not
eraters - WSGR christ almighty it's been 7 months and you're just now responding
