_Player1 - Hello again, I am making this Thread today to point out a person and Hosting that is stealing my logo!

&lt;-- Logo being stolen.

Anyways. gev#0001 owns this Hosting Company name YumeNodes, its not very popular and dosen't get very many visits a day. He used to be a old person who worked for one of my old host, he lefted because he got butthurt that I didnt want give him founder in my hosting server that I owned for 1+ Months, and so I gave him co-founder. Before this happened we were making a Client Panel for MY host and I gave him a Favicon we could use for it that I owned. [Image Above] so when he left he took the client panel with him, with my favicon. around 2 months ago. I go check out his website and I noticed he still had my favicon image, I asked him to removed it he said he got DMCA Approval of the website , I told him I was gonna make a drama.gg thread about this and he said he had some shit to say on this thread. Be Aware hahahaha... so here I am wanting him to remove my owned logo and he refuses. 

Noteful Links:
YumeNodes.net &lt;--- Website and Discord.
gev.moe &lt;- gev#0001 personal website.

Do you guys have any tips or drama? tell me below thanks! - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-01/1619901101-677811-hosting-logo.jpg
Willypro7 - @GevMoe
DSCZayne - Bro people need to freaking stop
_Player1 - Willypro7 hI 12 year old raider
Willypro7 - _Player1 Why do you still trust MysteriousK? Any proof of me begin 12 years old? Just because an ex-staff of my hosting got angry and wanted to kill my rep?
Willypro7 - _Player1 And he has not any proof of me raiding too. just because I like to use bed instead of bad?
GevMoe - first i wanna clarify something, i didn't refuse to remove the logo i just didnt yet, 
2end you said its your logo and you have copyright for it so i asked for proof and you refused saying if i wanna use it i have to give you 15$ which is like "hey that shirt you're wearing is mine if you wanna keep using it give me 20bucks"
now let's talk about you Mr player1 / dev or maybe let me write a post about it since a commend won't be enough to say everything
_Player1 - Willypro7 You already sound like a 12 year old. 😅
GevMoe - Willypro7 player is 13 i think
Willypro7 - _Player1 But I have 15 truely, and English it's not my first lang
_Player1 - GevMoe Its not, why would I care about a shirt I dont own. theres millions of the same kind of shirt one kind of logo like that and I own it.
AidanTheSister - _Player1 correct
J0SH - To be honest, there is more than one kind of logo like that, actually that is the norm for host logos, a server rack in the center with a background.
SnailDOS - J0SH ikr lmao
_Player1 - J0SH its still my logo
Daftscientist - _Player1 and how do you prove this?
Prudentia - Haven't seen a host logo without a server rack in the middle in a hot minute.
EmeraldMike - I smell sus knowing who is making this post.
LemonDrp2 - _Player1  you say everyone is 12. literally your basically saying your 12.
