babyharpseal - Hello! So today, I was searching for hosts on disboard because I was bored, and turns out I found a kinda sus hosting, so I decided to join the Discord Server. I asked for their ToS and Privacy Policy, about ToS, here's what the owner said;

About Privacy Policy, he said this: 

I asked for their node IP, and the owner didn't sent me to it, so I guess they are using Vultr Free Credits or something similar.

The best part of it, it's that it's a paid MC hosting... 🤦‍♂️ 
There's much more, but it will take me years to write everything. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-05/1620240558-690572-imagen.png
babyharpseal - Hello! So today, I was searching for hosts on disboard because I was bored, and turns out I found a kinda sus hosting, so I decided to join the Discord Server. I asked for their ToS and Privacy Policy, about ToS, here's what the owner said;

About Privacy Policy, he said this: 

I asked for their node IP, and the owner didn't sent me to it, so I guess they are using Vultr Free Credits or something similar.

The best part of it, it's that it's a paid MC hosting... 🤦‍♂️ 
There's much more, but it will take me years to write everything. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-05/1620240618-189450-imagen.png
Chirag - babyharpseal giv discord link
babyharpseal - Chirag https://discord.gg/fzGjTgKYnJ
mtt - "Can use to store illegal stuff"
What the hell is this type of TOS
EmeraldMike - Me at 3 AM can make a better TOS than this
babyharpseal - Facts lmao.
crazyriley - babyharpseal  this is all bullshit don’t listen to him
crazyriley - mtt  I ment can’t lmfao
Prudentia - crazyriley Its not bs
crazyriley - Prudentia it is it’s a dedi not free shit
crazyriley - babyharpseal removed
Deleted User - babyharpseal Vultr Free Credits

Yeah, abusing Vultr Free Credits is easy, I've done it a lot.
crazyriley - @12#13410 not even using vualt we have a dedi
babyharpseal - crazyriley Provide the dedi ip on dms then and we will see if that's true.
babyharpseal - Turns out he blocked me on discord, as expected. Lmao, seems like a scared kid.

They also removed Disboard.
babyharpseal - 🤦‍♂️
crazyriley - babyharpseal we did not remove disboard we just blacklisted you
Chirag - crazyriley selling DDoS tools/botnets is illegal btw.
Toki0179 - Can someone please send a new valid invite please tyty
babyharpseal - crazyriley Welp, I didn't even logged in on disboard and pretty sure you can't do that lmfao
