somemans - i wanted a host for MC for free and i wanted to partner with them, i showed them my servers and they banned me 10 minutes later for no reason, i haven't broken a rule that was listed on there rules channel
somemans - https://disboard.org/server/809707751528726569
mtt - You can maybe (just maybe) DM an Admin on the reason you were banned instead of making assumptions and making a whole thread for one little thing.

(I'm not associated with them or know them but its just bit of common sense before jumping to conclusions )
Willypro7 - Can confirm is a fraudulent company, i was accused for the raid they community had when it is totally fake
Willypro7 - And the owner likes to lie and dox people, got disabled by discord a lot of times, it is a fraudulent guy tbh
Willypro7 - They recently had a data loss, and I was accused like the one who did it, I have no proof because what they always do is add me to a group, talk and then kick me to have my message history, That proves how scummy they are.
Sydney - I would like to say: The admins/owners of a Discord can kick/ban you for anything they want. They do not have to provide a reason. There is no rule in Discord saying you have to provide a ban reason. HOWEVER, I think if you are banned from a "business" discord server, there should be a reason
MysteriousK69 - Hello @somemans,

You were banned for violating Discords TOS. We reviewed the servers you sent, and one of them was giving away and dropping cracked game accounts.

If you have any doubts, please let me know.

Regards,
MysteriousK
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 

Willypro7 They recently had a data loss, and I was accused like the one who did it

No, you were not accused for it. We know who did it, but that's private information.

Willypro7 I have no proof because what they always do is add me to a group, talk and then kick me to have my message history

We don't kick you to hide the message history, its because we like to mess with you.

Willypro7 That proves how scummy they are.

No?
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 

Willypro7 And the owner likes to lie

I don't lie at all.

Willypro7 dox people

I don't like to dox people either.

Willypro7 got disabled by discord a lot of times

"a lot of times" is not the right term to be used.

Willypro7 it is a fraudulent guy tbh

No. Even if I was fraudulent, it would be no where near you.
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 Can confirm is a fraudulent company, i was accused for the raid they community had when it is totally fake

First of all, theres enough proof in the thread to say that you were the raider. Even if you were not, you have also accused me of multiple things, does that make you fraudulent too? You have already scammed me, how about you scam some other guy for their brain?
MysteriousK69 - If anyone wants the invite. https://discord.gg/DACu3E29pE
MysteriousK69 -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-18/1621310191-2463-screenshot-519.png
MysteriousK69 -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-18/1621310191-86088-screenshot-518.png
MysteriousK69 -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-18/1621310191-241327-screenshot-517.png
MysteriousK69 - If I have made everything clear, can this thread be closed?
NotAypro - Willypro7 proof of it being a "fraudulent" company?
Willypro7 - MysteriousK69 scammed me, how about you scam some other guy for their brain?

what brain?
Willypro7 - MysteriousK69 First of all, theres enough proof in the thread to say that you were the raider.

Wich one? Saying that i was the only who had the token?
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7
MysteriousK69 So, as I am writing this post my server just got raided and I suffered losses of about 100 members, including customers, free customers, and regular members. Why is it related to this post you might ask? Well, that's because its awfully obvious that Willy was the person who did it.

I am not going to point fingers without any reason, so let me explain myself. So, Willy can be seen using "bed" instead of "bad" almost all the time. And, the reason why all of my members were banned was "bed af server". Proof is in the screen shots below


If that was not enough, the bot that was used Lawliet Host (our official bot) banned everyone. Guess what? The only 2 people I trusted enough to give the token to were Aypro and Willy. Aypro is still trusted by me and he has no reason to raid as we are in this business together and both are making profits. Plus, he is not dumb enough to only raid the server. If Aypro wanted to ruin the company, he has the access to panel, Discord, all the VPS's, the PayPal, and pretty much everything as an admin. So, that just leaves out Willy as the only suspect for the raid. So, I think we can conclude that Willy raided Lawliet.Host's server. - https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/828989597978591252/837988253519839292/unknown.png
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7
MysteriousK69 So, as I am writing this post my server just got raided and I suffered losses of about 100 members, including customers, free customers, and regular members. Why is it related to this post you might ask? Well, that's because its awfully obvious that Willy was the person who did it.

I am not going to point fingers without any reason, so let me explain myself. So, Willy can be seen using "bed" instead of "bad" almost all the time. And, the reason why all of my members were banned was "bed af server". Proof is in the screen shots below


If that was not enough, the bot that was used Lawliet Host (our official bot) banned everyone. Guess what? The only 2 people I trusted enough to give the token to were Aypro and Willy. Aypro is still trusted by me and he has no reason to raid as we are in this business together and both are making profits. Plus, he is not dumb enough to only raid the server. If Aypro wanted to ruin the company, he has the access to panel, Discord, all the VPS's, the PayPal, and pretty much everything as an admin. So, that just leaves out Willy as the only suspect for the raid. So, I think we can conclude that Willy raided Lawliet.Host's server. - https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/828989597978591252/837988600749752320/unknown.png
Willypro7 - You are right with the bed, but no, i had not the token. You have no more proof lol
MaiDub - somemans lol I just found this, they are like that, don't worry XD
Willypro7 - MaiDub yeah true
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 How exactly did you setup Dashactyl without it? I clearly remember asking you to enable "Join on sign-in", and you asked for the token for it. Plus, no one else talks like that.
MysteriousK69 - MaiDub 

MaiDub they are like that

Mate, we never abuse in the server, if a staff member is abusing, you are to DM me or Aypro directly. Also, you don't even get to say that, you are literally not even banned.
MysteriousK69 - I think the issue is resolved, can some admin add the resolved tag? or, idk
NotAypro - Willypro7 mate you don't get to say that, I literally asked you something and you ignored me, next time bring proof before trash talking a hosting company
MysteriousK69 - @somemans Mate, you really not even gonna respond?
MysteriousK69 - @Jedrik or smone mark as resolved?
MysteriousK69 - MysteriousK69 If not, then what's the requirement to be marked?
Bruhmeme - Sydney if your gonna get banned from a server there should be a reason tho
Bruhmeme - MysteriousK69 shouldn’t you state the reason to the person before you banned them or DM them the reason of the ban. And it looks like you have done some other things too
MysteriousK69 - Bruhmeme 

Bruhmeme shouldn’t you state the reason to the person before you banned them or DM them the reason of the ban.

We use the bot "Dyno" for moderation, and it DMs the user as far as I know. We stated the reason as "Violating Discords TOS"

Bruhmeme And it looks like you have done some other things too

Like what?
MysteriousK69 - 6 views away from 420
MysteriousK69 - poggggg
