Ash - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRtVQ8C256c, Docker VPS...
Ash - https://drama.gg/d/83-hye-hosting-snowyhosting-bombhosting-orbitnodes-rectroxroseymc/286 (Explains a bit and Credit to Vanquish)
Ash777 - another ash
Ash - Ash777 I'm not a clown like you
Vanquish - L
Ash777 - Ash but you lack respect
Skie - Ash, is just a dick over all. He thinks he is always disrespectful to people around him. This thread is not nessary. If there a issue or a problem you can contact him.
Ash777 - Skie i am not
Skie - Not you. The other ash.
Ash777 - oh
Vanquish - badsk and hye working together, our worst nightmare. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-26/1622056348-630614-image.png
Ash - Ash777 You lack a brain
Ash - Skie Rosey/Rectorx/Ace (now Skie) all I have to say lmao
Ash - Vanquish Hye down bad went from "non hoaxable" to badsk
Skie - Plus Hye Hosting runs on really old hardware but there systems make it run like there i9's.
Skie - I got banned for getting bad banned on Hye Hosting discord. Don't you think that's hella dumb for me getting banned for getting someone that is a scammer/ddoeser/underage person banned from a discord I'll start to leak everything i now.
eraters - Skie stop complaining mr chargeback abuser
Skie - Want me to charge back all of them?
Vanquish - Skie "their systems"
Jedrik - kasper Ararat is just themed panels with a few plugins :/

Their latest video, it's literally just skinned ptero with some plugins lmao "Best control panel" or whatever my ass
Jedrik - Everything they say are just marketing tactics to make everything seem fancier than it is
Jedrik - Dude seems chill, he just bullshits a lot, I mean, "smart" marketing ig
BabyAces - Some proof Hye &amp; Cian is a dick: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-28/1622210574-124060-image.png
BabyAces - Some proof Hye &amp; Cian is a dick: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-28/1622210598-695268-image.png
BabyAces - Some proof Hye &amp; Cian is a dick: - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-28/1622210624-441845-image.png
BabyAces - Vanquish They use Heimsnet's old panel...
Neon - nvps is just pure linux
Cian - BabyAces We banned you for being a retard and spreading false information. You told us badsk was twelve when he's thirteen. Get over it.
Lucas - lol - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-06-02/1622596097-772869-image.png
Jedrik - Lucas I didn't even get to say ararat was just themed ptero with some plugins 👀
Hye - Hello. There are few misconceptions I would like to address throughout this thread. 

Firstly, it seems to be widely believed N-VPS utilizes docker in order to achieve its non-virtualized state, I do truly understand why people would jump to that conclusion as Ararat is Pterodactyl-based, and utilizes Pterodactyl's frontend, however, the backend in Ararat (for N-VPS's, not Minecraft) is fully custom and does not utilize Docker in any way, shape, or form. In fact, KVM support is coming to Ararat soon.

Secondly, we do not have any official affiliation with badsk. In fact, this one's a funny story, before our Discord bot sent the welcome gifs, I would manually send them, and badsk wanted to see if I could send a ton of welcome gifs at the same time, so he tried to get a lot of people in at the same time to troll me 😂.

Thirdly, we do not use any of Heimsnet's software in any way, shape, or form. I'm not sure where you concluded that from but that statement is just inaccurate.

Finally, Hye Hosting does not run on older hardware which our system "makes run like on i9's". We use genuine Intel Core i9-9900K hardware.

Hope this clears up any misconceptions about our service,

Joseph - Hye Hosting Director
KIVOX - Hye No one ever said you used docker containers, you and your staff just assume everyone means docker containers whenever the word "container" is mentioned.
KIVOX - KIVOX Correction: People did but no one did it after they were told it wasn't.
Hye - KIVOX Unfortunately I think you are mistaken. After us repeatedly coming out and stating N-VPS is not powered by docker, people continued to push, and still continue to push the false narrative which N-VPS utilizes docker.
KIVOX - Hye Can you name the people that have referred to them as "docker" containers. Because everyone in drama.gg and who I've talked to about the matter has called them containers.
Hye - KIVOX eraters, ash, and a couple of people who joined my discord randomly and left still believe to this day that it uses docker.
Jen - bump
Deleted User - Jen bump
Deleted User - Hye nothing its just for no reason
Deleted User - we are just huge fans of your work
Soyabn9 - Another thread of the same fucking thing yay. Can we put all of the same fucking threads in one fucking category?
