bad - I have no fucking clue how but hexit's records started redirecting to the dynamic discord server 
I don't have proof since i cleared announcements but here's someone's ticket - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-05-30/1622358501-539424-screenshot-20210530-080527.png
bad - (yes it's in Dutch bc thats someone from galaxic)
Tomas - Didn't you work with the owner of Dynamic?
bad - a while ago
bad - but now zugirf is being a pain
Tomas - and who's fault is that
Ryan - bad am trying to be respectful , but your 2IQ won't allow me to do that
J0SH - How is hexit a competitor to dynamichost lmfao
Zugirf - And what's your proof?
There is no proof pointing towards DynamicHost doing this.
We are extremely confused about what's happening as of right now, it seems like someone with malicious intents, wanted to shout out our host? No idea.
Zugirf - J0SH True. 😂
Chirag - Zugirf tbh, no one really cares about any host owned by bad, and no one should.
Zugirf - I mean, ur "company" is shutting down in a few weeks so why start extra drama if that's abt to happen smh
Yie - Zugirf true. Everytime Badsk made a host, it died in a few weeks. Let's see how long will "Heshit" will last 😉
Yie - Sorry, meant to type "Hexit". But hey! "Heshit" sounds good too
BaconHead - Yie edit feature exists
BrendansAtWork - BaconHead bae that was very obviously intentional
Phase - I've read a lot of threads, but since I'am dutch I can understand this one and I can tell you littarly nothing in this thread is illegal: The screenshot is barely related saying his panel doesn't work and there's zero proof of him "stealing" customers. If you have any proof to update us w/, please reply to my comment 🙂

Fijne avond,
bad - Let me get mike here, he can explain the entire thing
Phase - Invite me to the discord, thanks in advance.
bad - Phase u wont be able to stay, anyone from drama.gg will be censored
Anonymous-User - bad that's why u have a drama.gg acc which has a name which dosent match to ur discord acc
Jedrik - Fuck someone translate this I can't read dutch
BrendansAtWork - Jedrik 5-year-old's accusing other children of committing crimes they have no evidence of 😌
