Justin - okay drama.gg fucked up too. their database in plaintext has been leaked, this is unacceptable.
We have to do something before sloth fuckes up more... smh.

I think we need to report sloth to the ICU and shit
this can't go on like this smh

download it here
https://anonfiles.com/Paf8Z1ybue/dramaggdataleak100row_txt



For legal reasons, this is a complete joke, no information in this txt file is real. It has been randomly generated.~
Justin - sloth admitted to it!! - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-06-01/1622577554-514511-image.png
J0SH - 🤯
leastile - u scared me lmao
Black - So, now i have those guys addresss..
Black - Black lamaker hid his info, his ip is in the ocean.
Black - Osiedle Nowiny, 44-200 Rybnik, Poland
Black - Black sloth according to data
luca - kinda funny one of the ip's on there is like 2 digits away from being mine
Black - Exocat: (Router/Moter address) Herb Reynar Memorial Park, Leduc, AB T9E 0G7, Canada

(this based on database)
Black - china? Guichi District, Chizhou, Anhui, China
Triassic - I'm from sus town
Black - Black thats the database, but
this is exocat reg address:

1 Minerilor, Tg-Jiu, Romania, 210210
Black - Lamaker reg domain (may be faked, not sure):


10-23, Aptiekas Iela, Riga, Latvia
Black - exocat name: SEBASTIAN NICOLAE, Lazar
lamaker name: ZALĀNS, Niks
Black - Black i this this is inaccurate, or a cloud. idk, this is just from the database
Black - muslim in china:
31°03'17.6"N 121°20'57.5"E
Black - China Telecom Shanghai
ExoticalCat - Black Bruh
Dviih - Black 

For legal reasons, this is a complete joke, no information in this txt file is real. It has been randomly generated.~

Please read all thread lmao
Black - ExoticalCat dude, its prob fake, cuz the db is inaccurate.
ExoticalCat - Black I know
Black - ExoticalCat but is this u? 
1 Minerilor, Tg-Jiu, Romania, 210210
Black - Black &amp; is this lamaker?
10-23, Aptiekas Iela, Riga, Latvia
ExoticalCat - Black Yes
Is public information
Jedrik - Fuck 😭
Two - funny for you, i wasnt part of the data leak (yes i know it's a complete joke)
BaconHead - dangggggg what data got leaked? IP and address?
BaconHead - and did EVERYONE's IP get leaked
Yie - to everyone who believed this was true, i feel bad about you
Jedrik - please stop bumping this, it was funny at first
BaconHead - okay lol the emoji was a sign for dumb me
