AceGOD - Please read!!!

A person who owns party bot was rude and sick because my mom died off of cancer and he laughed and said i was lying i have video proof screen share proof and event the people who seen my proof will say its all true here are the pics: 


 DM me for the others bec icba posting them all 😉 my user and tag on discord is Tiki#2021 so dm me if u want screen share proof and screen shots of the full convo. Please stop this man from doing this!!! Thank you much appreciated. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-06-15/1623783772-343024-capture.png
AceGOD - Please read!!!

A person who owns party bot was rude and sick because my mom died off of cancer and he laughed and said i was lying i have video proof screen share proof and event the people who seen my proof will say its all true here are the pics: 


 DM me for the others bec icba posting them all 😉 my user and tag on discord is Tiki#2021 so dm me if u want screen share proof and screen shots of the full convo. Please stop this man from doing this!!! Thank you much appreciated. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-06-15/1623783831-984588-capture.png
AceGOD - Please read!!!

A person who owns party bot was rude and sick because my mom died off of cancer and he laughed and said i was lying i have video proof screen share proof and event the people who seen my proof will say its all true here are the pics: 


 DM me for the others bec icba posting them all 😉 my user and tag on discord is Tiki#2021 so dm me if u want screen share proof and screen shots of the full convo. Please stop this man from doing this!!! Thank you much appreciated. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-06-15/1623783868-655331-capture.png
AceGOD - I couldn't believe he would do such a thing! he used to be my best friend and now he was rude and right now im still crying about this.
Okay - Mother fucker doesn't deserve a life, like is he good? Nope, he is not, it just makes me sick that people make fun of others death. Like what did they ever do to you? Also this isn't fake pictures, this guy was on mobile when he showed me proof and mobile can't do inspect element. Hope ur doing well Tiki
AceGOD - Okay I'm abit okay and thank you for telling these people that its all true and I think the same way as you like I don't think this guy deserves a life too.
And I hope your doing well too and thank you for helping me and asking if I'm okay I much appreciate it!
tlolhi - we do not care
AceGOD - tlolhi Many people actually do. But that is your opinion and we its not we bec i care all my friends care half the people ive talked too care so i guess its just you.
Graybtw - ikr he is doodoo water
RumGuru - AceGOD i wouldn't believe you either, he doesnt know you in real life so he cant be sure that your mom is dead, most people on discord say that because they want attention.
if you are lying you are a sick kid
if you are not lying then im sorry for your loss
And even if you are not lying why would you even say that your mom is dead to a random discord person that you dont know in real life.
Thats so dumb, keep your private life for yourself, dont share it with everyone!
Rxndumb - AceGOD My drilla, This seems to sound like a you problem. Imagine not being to beat cancer the hairless bitch. Gn
AceGOD - RumGuru I swear I'm not lying i dont do stuff for attention no more and thank you for caring about my mom she was a good mom.
AceGOD - Rxndumb ;(
    
)
RumGuru - AceGOD ok, lets say that you are not lying.
Why are you sharing that info with random people?
Thats dumb
AceGOD - I wish i didn't make this now because loads will be rude about my moms loss. because half of this world is a sick cunt but the rest of you i love you all and when i die i hope to see you in heaven!
AceGOD - RumGuru I wasn't.
I was celebrating my date of my moms death and i made a group about it and then people started joining and being rude.
So i just felt like i wanted to make this to let people know that being nice and kind doesnt hurt you.
Robert - I feel like this isn't really the place for this though, it really looks like you're just seeking attention and even if you aren't it still looks like it.
AceGOD - Robert I know i did say i think this was a bad idea but i need to show that people need to be nice and not horrible towards the dead and other people.
ItzJack - AceGOD lmao, just report it to discord he will begone. He is such a big motherfuker with 99 days. Asshole motherfucker
ItzJack - @AceGOD Ik him we used to create bots but he can do this!. What a mf
BaconHead - AceGOD such a dickhead imagine laughing at someone's mothers death no one AND I MEAN NO ONE seeks attention for their mothers' death he should have known that you're not faking it
AceGOD - BaconHead I know. But he made me feel like shit and i wish he wasnt in this world
AceGOD - ItzJack ik i hate him i wish he was gone
HenryH - AceGOD bruh for once I agree with @RumGuru , why even make this post? Literally, 
why are you sharing that info with random people?

  You are looking for attention
None of us needed to know this
  regardless, no one can do anything about it
  We dont care
Will - Rxndumb Get a fucking grip of yourself you sick bitch.
AceGOD - HenryH that's just rude
if u don't care then why did u comment?
just go away if you want to be a negative fuck
AceGOD - Also guys i just want to say thank you all for the support i really appreciate it love you all!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
HenryH - AceGOD 
How is it rude?
I commented because your literally talking about death, if you are, infact not lying
I'm not a "Negative fuck", I have no idea honestly what your talking about there, nothing about my statement was "Negative".
AceGOD - HenryH U said i was lying about my moms death n stuff when im not
HenryH - AceGOD Nope, get your facts straight kid &amp; re-read my comment.
WhoAskedLikeLiterally - like literally who the fucked asked?? and why u even telling someone your mom is dead lmao
