MysteriousK69 - Hello everyone,

I just wanted to make a quick thread on "Red Moon Host". It's owned by Willypro7. If you don't know who he is, he is the owner of MoonHost, a professional scammer and skid. Some of his skills include overallocating his nodes, scamming people, skidding code, and using nulled software.

Anyways, getting back to the topic of this thread. Red Moon Host literally banned me before I even joined the server, and banned my friend as soon as he joined.

Heres some proof,


The host is also run by kids who don't know what they are doing. This can be seen in the Willypro7 thread and the MoonHost thread linked above.

Thanks for reading this, and feel free to add onto this. I am sure there is a lot to add on to this thread, but I just couldn't investigate anything as I was literally banned before joining. - https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/851454933223735367/860517904691757062/unknown.png
Willypro7 - This isn't even a host, is a development server where we configure mc servers, discord bots etc, but we have a small host there. (That is a pterodactyl panel with a small node just for some clients)

You gave me so much problems, that's why I banned you. And no, you joined before I banned you.
I am not replying anymore to this thread, it's my development server where we configure mc servers chilling, you doxxed me, harrased me, leave me alone smh. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-07-02/1625235096-366064-captura-de-pantalla-2021-07-02-a-las-161134.png
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 Ah yes, I harassed you and doxxed you. As far as I remember, you said that the information in the dox was all false. And, I never "harassed" you.

As for joining, yeah my bad, I forgot that I joined lmao.

Anyways, the reasons you gave for banning are dog shit. Unban me nerd
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 Not gonna reply? Finally, your 12-year-old brain realized that it's a good idea to not argue to humiliate yourself even further when you are wrong. You just evolved from being extremely dumb to being dumb. Congrats.
babyharpseal - Bro, it doesn't take 1 minute to reply, he might be busy lmao, smh
Willypro7 - MysteriousK69 you did, remember telling me and one of my friends Send Willy's direction or your info goes to doxbin.org,  Also, some info in my dox yeah was wrong, but some of em like the place where I live where correct. I have full of reasons to ban you.
Willypro7 - MysteriousK69 lol, even my friend registered here just to confirm I am not 12 smfh, and YOU are wrong, stop begin annoying
MysteriousK69 - babyharpseal He said that he is not going to reply smh
MysteriousK69 - Willypro7 I don't remember doing that, and I don't even have your address there.
MysteriousK69 - Lmao you replied.
MaiDub - @Willypro7 @MysteriousK69

@MysteriousK69 You are literally a bitch in love with Willy, whatever he does, do you follow him haha is it supposed to be tremendous envy or are you trying to make him fall in love? The server does not even have 30 people and it is not even advertising and you already throw the bad re at him just because he is the owner. The best part tells him toxic and you complain that he does not answer you HAHA so much attention you lack girl, and for @Willypro7 this is not a defense for you, make it clear that you do it is wrong, but it causes me a tremendous laugh to see this girl always talking about you gives to make a thread about "MysteriousK69 the girl in love with a boy and stalker"
MaiDub - NOOO what I just found LMFAO, they made you two threads of lawliet and you literally cry like a girl in love that they close it, not even with your lover they stop crying together, how I shit laughing in this network hahaha
MysteriousK69 - MaiDub Willy is sexy UwU.
MysteriousK69 - MaiDub smh, I am just asking to either respond or close.
Willypro7 - MaiDub i am not stalker tho, but at least someone loves me ,-,
