Chirag - discord: https://discord.gg/aVsysBD3vV
privacy policy is invalid, just read it, you'll lose brain cells
guldkage -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-07-06/1625567816-169972-image.png
guldkage - reselling contabo 😅
Jaxon - Ignore Nerdie, she's mostly just joking though she has anger issues. She will be dealt with after this. And about the TOS &amp; Privacy Policy, I dont understand why you people attack smaller hosts for this things? Are gonna ignore DanBot? How about BlueFox? Privacy Policy covers everything, just cause it may be bad grammar, doesn't mean its "invalid". Have a nice day 🙂
Jaxon - guldkage Whats wrong with that?
Chirag - Jaxon just cause it may be bad grammar,

bad grammar? are you fucking dumb? you store cookies in a DATABASE? what?
Chirag - Jaxon Are gonna ignore DanBot?

mhm, I see

Jaxon How about BlueFox?

Bluefox is down?
Jaxon - Chirag When they were up they had no TOS, not trying to shame BlueFox nor DanBot. Just saying if you're only gonna do it to smaller hosts, go get the ones that are actually making profit too 🙂
Chirag - Jaxon BlueFox

pretty sure BlueFox had one. idk about DanBot, danbot is shit anyways, just running xmrig crashes their entire node
Jaxon - Chirag My point still stands
gamingwizz12 - Chirag probably has their own host, and there looking for ways to shame other smaller hosts to try and take all the customers/clients away from them and to his host. That's not always the best way to take down competition but y'know cool.

He went into a bigger host earlier named SoloNodes, and called them out. the owner was online and changed the Privacy Policy because the owner didn't know that Nginx logged IPs.
SoloNodes has around 570 Members.

He's just trying to find errors in every host and not mentioning the bigger ones he knows people wont listen to him about.
gamingwizz12 - This is also a alt account so my name/username on discord is not exposed on here.
SnailDOS - Chirag And why exactly would you run xmrig on free hosting?
Does any of you know how much one server is? If not, go to your local dell website, and enjoy looking at the costs. Also, don't forget the price, maintenance, hard drives, rams- oh wait. that's right, my bad, everyone resells these days.
Chirag - SnailDOS why'd you give someone straight-up bash access, unlimited CPU, unlimited disk, unlimited ram?
Chirag - gamingwizz12 Chirag probably has their own host, and there looking for ways to shame other smaller hosts to try and take all the customers/clients away from them and to his host. That's not always the best way to take down competition but y'know cool.

yes, i hab 69 hosts (no, i don't own a host)
Chirag - FlaringPhoenix I mean, why even give unlimited CPU, XMRig ate 1700% CPU that time smh
BaconHead - gamingwizz12 bruh he's pointing out legit flaws and also no pp/tos is illegal
SnailDOS - ok it's shutdown- host is gone. this thread can close
Chirag - SnailDOS No. The discord server is being sold which is against discord tos
Jaxon - Chirag The Discord server is not being sold? What gave you that idea lol?
Jaxon - SnailDOS Not shutting down, being sold to someone who is gonna do a better job with it than I can 🙂
Sydney - Hey,

Just bought the host, I will be cleaning it up, getting better nodes, and making a proper set of legal docs soon.
Ricky - HI, Ricky here. I've noticed the drama that's been going around here, and if one of you  with knowledge could please DM me. DM me here with some insight, that would be great. I'd be able to post the situation in a channel.
Loser - lol
