AspectOfficial - Hmm, just wondering.
Endermined - Where's hh cloud 😂
Jen - Holo Hosting Obviously
Endermined - Also where's heimsnet. They have great deals on VPSs too!
Jen - Yeah its pretty good
Iceey - Please stop.
Endermined - xD well this whole thread was clearly made on the basis of advertising...
mxnugget - alphavps.bg for storage (best bang for the buck)
tehnichost.biz has very good specs for VPSes (4GB RAM 20GB SSD i9-9900X at around 3.20euros), but it is chaotic and not well established despite the money the owner put in this hosting company .
not gonna say remidore.com cuz it is discontinued for some time xD
deleted - and you were complaining about palpa @mxnugget - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-10/1599765156-531764-image.png
deleted - and you were complaining about palpa @mxnugget - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-10/1599765193-320053-image.png
deleted - mxnugget the money but he uses nulled virtualizor
mxnugget - deleted well didn't know that
i also know that he nulls cPanel
mxnugget - And as I said, the service isn't qualitative and you might experience sometimes the VPS down, but if you just use the VPSes for some minimal testing on god what knows project without the need of your service being up 100% of the time it is fine
mxnugget - And I also forgot to say that I recommand HostUS and yes, Contabo (depends on the use of your VPS, you got to take in mind the old CPUs).
deleted - mxnugget i could use contabo to test out some scripts tbf
mtt - Holo Hosting and Hye Cloud are Cheap VPS Providers i recommend! I use Holo for my upcoming hosting and i'm gonna be getting some more. Haven't used Hye but the prices are very good in my opinion!
Korudo - Jen Hye Cloud better ;/
Jen - Korudo Hye Cloud Runs on Holo's Network
Also Hye Cloud is amazing on the hardware side
But nothing beats Holo Hostings Prices as we do Custom Quotes.
Jen - @Korudo Lmao you changed ur comment - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-12/1599933687-966522-image.png
Matteo - Jen Holo and hye are both shit, we don't give a shit.
Deleted User - Matteo If both are shit, what do you think is good then?
Deleted User - Matteo Also, if you don't give a shit, why would you even bother to comment here?
Jen - @Matteo I don't see you providing anything better, Your Host doesn't even list the Specs, That's how bad it is, You literally make people pay then they see the specs. Your host is sketchy af and your VPS's probs are slow as well.
Matteo - Haha, this is not a personal attack calm your baby titties.
Jen - Matteo Didn't claim it as a personal attack
All I said was you don't provide anything else thats better to the table
So instead of running your mouth get a Catch of real life and go find a provider thats cheaper and better than come here and say it.
Matteo - Stfu you little thundercunt your logo looks like it is recycled.
Jen - Matteo Well ofc its purposely designed that way, Because we used Recycled Parst for Co-location, Are you stupid?
Matteo - You little slut
Korudo - Jen Very nice inspect element
Jen - Korudo inspect elements on what?
Jen - That literally says it in my notifications
Jen - @Korudo I took the screenshot on my phone to prove its not edited - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-13/1600005197-431292-screenshot-20200913-085238.png
Sloth - Jen screenshare time
Jen - @Sloth sure. Where and when?
Sloth - Jen voice channel in whoax. @Korudo can watch too then
Korudo - @Jen May i know where i sent that comment tho?
Jen - @Korudo how the hell am I suppose to know
Ur the one that said it. I just posted what my notifications said
Korudo - It says i sent it in this thread but i sent "Hye Cloud better" not "Holo Hosting Obviously"
Jen - @Korudo imagine lying. I literally have the proof you said it and your lying your ass off lmaooooo
Korudo - Got lets forget we had this xd this is like idfk at this point
guldkage - pog
BaconHead - ooh 2020
