Tolis - Hey there, i recently heard about puggo host and upon searching they seem to not have TOS or PP.




I asked 3 different times. He keeps ignoring me. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-07-17/1626528610-198522-image.png
Tolis - Hey there, i recently heard about puggo host and upon searching they seem to not have TOS or PP.




I asked 3 different times. He keeps ignoring me. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-07-17/1626528625-438821-image.png
Tolis - Hey there, i recently heard about puggo host and upon searching they seem to not have TOS or PP.




I asked 3 different times. He keeps ignoring me. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-07-17/1626528640-933707-image.png
luffyy - lets not forget they use nulled whmcs they use and i was banned from their discord for no reason
Tolis - They closed my ticket asking for their TOS after 30 mins of waiting.
Jerome - It seem like Puggo Host did not provide any service to you, therefore he does not need TOS for you.
Chirag - Jerome how dumb can you be?
luffyy - well even If thats true what about the nulled whmcs
Jerome - Chirag Basically, TOS can be privately issued. Since you're not his customer, he deserve the right not disclose it to you
Timanttikuutio - Jerome you're actually retarded. a TOS needs to be publicly accessible by everyone, why would anyone buy something from a company which does not disclose their TOS without buying a service? It's like buying a car without knowing its condition before purchasing it
Chirag - Jerome ah yes. so you don't wanna know what you can do before you buy a server? Also, when someone registers, their data is stored. where's the privacy policy mhm?
Timanttikuutio - if the company is actually legit and has nothing to hide they wouldn't be so reluctant giving their TOS
ShemBane - Jerome what you just said is like me saying sign up to my service and only after you sign up I will show you the terms of my service
Jerome - Timanttikuutio I said it can be privately issued, I didn't ask you to buy it dumbass. 

Even if someone buys it, it will not give the service immediately, instead it will turn to Pending until the person agreed to the privately issued TOS.
Jerome - Chirag Why mention me at privacy policy issue? I didn't said anything about that
ShemBane - Jerome god you are an idiot. I'm not going to buy/use a service before I can read the tos and privacy policy
Kowone - ShemBane that's ridiculous tbh
Jerome - ShemBane In that cases, buyer will take the risk. However, you can request it before buying
Kowone - Jerome why not make the tos or prp public instead of waiting for the customer to request for it?
Jerome - ShemBane Then don't buy it, no one asked lol
Timanttikuutio - Jerome ever wonder why no other proper host does that?
ShemBane - Jerome 1. what the fuck do you mean by "buyer will take the risk" 2. I don't know if you even read the first post here but Tolis asked 3 times for the pp and tos and got nothing
Jerome - Timanttikuutio Other host does, normally it's custom quote order.
Timanttikuutio - Jerome and what host would that be exactly, please do name them. (actual hosts please, not summerhosts with 2 clients)
Jerome - ShemBane I said it before, host have the permission not to disclose it. You can don't buy it
ShemBane - Jerome I have seen zero hosts that make you ask for the tos and pp before buying/using their service
Timanttikuutio - ShemBane ^^
Jerome - ShemBane He can be the special one.

Timanttikuutio Go to the market and ask for custom application hosting
ShemBane - Jerome No he cant be, not showing a tos or pp on a service like a host and expecting people to buy/use the service is sketchy as hell
Timanttikuutio - Jerome Go to the market and ask for custom application hosting

puggo host aren't doing custom plans are they now? they do minecraft hosting with predefined plans afaik, why would they have a tos for each customer?
BlackCat - imagine not having public tos smh trash host
Wild_TFS - Lmao what the fuck
Jerome - ShemBane No one ask you to buy, stop acting like Puggo Host beg you to do so. I said it's legally possible to have custom TOS on every customer. (edit just to clarify cuz you are dumb)

Timanttikuutio Legally possible

WHMCS Receipt from Puggo Host - https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/838797611695341571/866567686338510878/image0.png
NOT_WB - BlackCat I don't think so Puggohost is trash host
luffyy - Jerome what month is that for?
ShemBane - Jerome 
from WHMCS themselves - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-07-19/1626681955-292269-image.png
Jerome - luffyy It's provided by the owner, idk

ShemBane Ik, that's why owner send me the pic
luffyy - yeh and ask him for date you wont get shit from him
Tolis - Jerome LMAO, he send me the same screenshot a month ago. The EXACT same screenshot.
Tolis - Tolis It had like the same borders and all of this same shit
