catab12 - henlo as i have used many free hosts from goodperfromance but unprofecional as HELL to barely even be able to  run bungeecord but extremly friendly staff and owners or others that deserve to be exploited every way posible  so i just need these tree things 1 be able tohave stable tps 2 be expandable like having 2gb of ram by default but with being afk here or there or see some ads on a page or app 3 dont just be these kind of hosts that just stop existing one day by some random reason or just reset by no reason Now Actually i just need the1 and 3 but the 2 its kind of useful so anyway just discuss wich is the better free host or dm the better free host you know on discord
Timanttikuutio - Don't use free hosts. 2€ a month can't realistically be that hard to pay for, unless you don't have PayPal or a card
BlackCat - redgate.xyz or hectrix.host or centronodes.com
Chirag - BlackCat nah, all the ones you mentioned are dogshit, except centro.
catab12 - Chirag i actually used it with my ultra optimized config and even althost haves better performance
im just sayin'
catab12 - Timanttikuutio so you can recomend me one ?
thanks ill be working  a whole freaking year to even get a dollar
BlackCat - redgate.xyz and hectrix.host decent hosts
Chirag - BlackCat redgate trash
hectrix eh ok not bad, wouldn't say decent tho
centro is good.
BlackCat - Chirag redkat not trash
catab12 - BlackCat  hectrix is perfection but i dint test redgate so if they just make an ad app for hectrix ill watch ads every frikin day so i can at least host my smp on a good node in canada
_Caiu_ - if you want to create a personal server use something free, if you want to do something profeccional pay, there are hosts with very good prices and give good performance. Then some of them that I know can be centronodes or vyxterhost, they have good performance being free and their prices are very good, I have not tried them in a paid way, but I know that they have good reputation both for what I have read in their chats, even so I recommend something paid if you want something perfectionist.
catab12 - _Caiu_ i dont think you realise how much money i need here to do something like that...
_Caiu_ - catab12 you didn clarify that either haha. even so, then if we discard paid stuff i recommend those 2 hosts, every day im looking for new ones so if I see a good one i tell you about it too.
Hostkiller123 - You don't need much. I know a host called nightnodes where they have i9 cpus and it's €1 a gig of ram and their very lag free their website is https://nightnodes.com/ if you want
eraters - Hostkiller123 nah use kubbur

#KubburStansRiseUp
Kowone - Hostkiller123 nah, just use kubbur or jeekiehost, both are good 👍️
Jadss - Centronodes is realistically speaking, the best free host out there, there's no better alternative.
Ibrahim - I'd suggest FlashHost (yes I own it but lol-) which can get you a really well powered server with the invite rewards, one guy got 15 GB Storage and 4GB RAM just from invite rewards. The default specs aren't bad either / (https://FlashHost.uk)
X_Shadow_ - CentroNodes, pretty good (I'm a dev in it but for real it's good)
Tomas - vouch ^
eh-idk - alt best
.gg/althost
eh-idk - eh we got singapore now
guldkage - eh-idk badsk gtfu
eh-idk - guldkage nah
eh-idk - this is clearly where im supposed to advertise alt lmfao - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-07/1628360139-457738-image.png
Tomas - eh-idk you are well funny, when are you going on tour?
eh-idk - Tomas idk
eh-idk - would be  nice to see sryden banners everywhere ngl
catab12 - eh-idk ### are you brain dead?###
Robert - PSA: don't use any hosting companies owned by badsk, more info here and here.
europa - Aternos / Server.pro are the only free options that aren't sketchy as fuck
eraters - europa or home hosting
europa - eraters with tcpshield ig
Chirag - europa Nah those are trash. Just use FalixNodes, it's obviously the best free host.
BlackCat - Falixnodes cring. Yes centro  best option out there. They have renewal system but still you get free server
DamonOnYT - europa There's also https://skynode.pro but I'm not 100% if they still offer free hosting
Chirag - idk and you abuse Hetzner invoice system too.
Robert - DamonOnYT They do, but I wouldn't recommend using it.
zenta4 - I would recommend using Servertux.net
Scripted - cp.fusiondev.xyz
catab12 - X_Shadow_ make an ad app because the host haves adsense so you could make an ad app so pepole could get coins by watching ads meaning a faster and bigger entry of coins for users and also moar money for the host
X_Shadow_ - catab12 do you live in a cave or what it's literally already existing
Two - centronodes kthx
Simply - Idk free ones suck
NGX - spankedhost.com (god no im being sarcastic)
Deleted User - CentroNodes is the best free host
Kubbur is the best premium host.
dchu096 - kubbur is indeed one of a awesome host!
Jerome - dchu096 Kubbur isn't free
Timanttikuutio - Jerome neither are "free" hosts. You're paying one way or another. Be it ads, selling ur data, constant data loses, bad uptime, etc... There is always a price, be it money or something else
Timanttikuutio - dchu096 thanks ❤️ the kubbur team loves y'all as well 🙂
Jerome - Timanttikuutio I mean this respond is completely off-topic, people are asking for FREE hosts, not paid. By the way, I didn't mean paid host aren't great but yea free host need to sacrifices something to continue their service..
erikmagkekse - Check out Ploudos.com 😀
tan_playz - erikmagkekse Bruh ploudos is just an aternos alternative lol its not 24/7
tan_playz - checkout skis hosting, its pretty new and cool
https://discord.gg/8JuE4RGK6d
https://client.skishost.com/
Deleted User - tan_playz bro dont be demanding its "FREE"
tan_playz - Zachery  but still when people ask for free hosts it means we are asking for 24/7 hosts, like if you don't know any don't say it cuz legit when we search free hosts on google we get aternos/minehut/server.pro and if we actually still ask it means we need a 24/7 host and not a temporary online host cuz if we were okay with aternos we wouldn't be asking it anywhere
tan_playz - Just saying facts
tan_playz - I currently use skis hosting and centronodes so I don't really need an alternative but its always better to have another free host as an backup if the current host is dead
Deleted User - tan_playz Bro you this thread never specified "24/7" + pludous.com has better specs then aternos i would say its pretty good dont need to lookdown on a host cus its not 24/7 infact mostly 24/7 hosts have something shady about (in my opinion)
tan_playz - I mean I bet 70% of the askers are asking 24/7 hosts for creating their mc servers cuz I myself use aternos and server.pro for temporary smp servers to play at so it proves many actually mean to ask a 24/7 and ploudous is pretty good if I shld say but it doesn't really help us as people like me need a 24/7 hosts.

anyways I meant we don't need to mention if we need a 24/7 host it indirectly means we need it, as aternos already comes up in google searches and we wouldn't be here asking for temporary online hosts if we already saw it.



Note: I'm sure there are a few here who are okay with hosts like ploudous but I'm just sharing my opinion on what I've seen and analyzed peoples threads
dchu096 - Jerome Well... true im replying to

 "Kubbur is the best premium host."
   
 So yeah...
dchu096 - Dont expect things free. When the developers have to pay for servers.

Usually one that give you free is you are the product. They sell your datas over to advertising for their income.

Or put heaps of ads or limitations.

Just go for something paid. Its 100x better
QloxHost - try garbage.host its very good
14191 - catab12 aternos,centronode ,   notafree.host
CharityLexus - catab12 quite a lot of em are scams, try and find a cheap vps (from a reputable company)
Chirag - CharityLexus hetzner, ovh, buyvm (not that expensive for what you get)
Grabstop - CharityLexus not my host. ((Celestialhosting, Chirag Verified btw)
LewisX - 14191 aternos is crap
Iceey - Add an option: learn how to spell
14191 - LewisX try notafree.host its free host but its notafreehost
Deveroonie - BlackCat hectrix.host - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-06/1633541175-694765-image.png
Thominek - hectrix n

Deveroonie it's gone
