MCKingSam - Holo Hosting LLC is an absolutely terrible company. Do not use them.

They:
Do not care about customer data.
Do not force SSL on their main site (at risk of data interpretation)
Have disrespectful staff members that like to discriminate users.
The owner has publicly stated he is too lazy to enable forced HTTPS.
Do not have a public privacy policy or terms of service on their site.

Proof of my findings will be attached below (most of my messages were purged by the owner of the discord server, however I have an eye witness)





This is what I could gather after the initial purge. For the section on laziness and disrespectful staff please contact eraters#0001 on discord as he was an eye witness.

Brief summary of the events without images?
Disrespectful Staff - Muted my friend because "they don't like his voice"
Laziness - The owner stated in a discord server that the reason the main site doesn't have forced HTTPS is because he's too lazy to enable it. - src
MCKingSam - Holo Hosting LLC is an absolutely terrible company. Do not use them.

They:
Do not care about customer data.
Do not force SSL on their main site (at risk of data interpretation)
Have disrespectful staff members that like to discriminate users.
The owner has publicly stated he is too lazy to enable forced HTTPS.
Do not have a public privacy policy or terms of service on their site.

Proof of my findings will be attached below (most of my messages were purged by the owner of the discord server, however I have an eye witness)





This is what I could gather after the initial purge. For the section on laziness and disrespectful staff please contact eraters#0001 on discord as he was an eye witness.

Brief summary of the events without images?
Disrespectful Staff - Muted my friend because "they don't like his voice"
Laziness - The owner stated in a discord server that the reason the main site doesn't have forced HTTPS is because he's too lazy to enable it. - src
MCKingSam - Holo Hosting LLC is an absolutely terrible company. Do not use them.

They:
Do not care about customer data.
Do not force SSL on their main site (at risk of data interpretation)
Have disrespectful staff members that like to discriminate users.
The owner has publicly stated he is too lazy to enable forced HTTPS.
Do not have a public privacy policy or terms of service on their site.

Proof of my findings will be attached below (most of my messages were purged by the owner of the discord server, however I have an eye witness)





This is what I could gather after the initial purge. For the section on laziness and disrespectful staff please contact eraters#0001 on discord as he was an eye witness.

Brief summary of the events without images?
Disrespectful Staff - Muted my friend because "they don't like his voice"
Laziness - The owner stated in a discord server that the reason the main site doesn't have forced HTTPS is because he's too lazy to enable it. - src
Jen - MCKingSam Our Main site isn't used for Transactions There for there is no need for forced SSL
We do put it on any site that involves account data or Transactions with Money/Currency
Sloth - Just a tip, but you can make images appear by adding a: - https://winterhoax.com/example.png
Jen - Sloth Sam Got offended that I said I care more about my paid Customers than my free customers,
Sams a little bit of a *****
MCKingSam - I'm not offended, I'm stating the flaws your company has, but you just seem to be a bit salty about it. Also. another thing to note, https://holobilling.xyz/ is a WHMCS Portal and takes in a lot of customer data. This includes email addresses, phone numbers, addresses etc. The issue here is that they do not have a public privacy policy which is extremely concerning
Jen - MCKingSam Right, You sound dumb?
Its a WHMCS thing, its not just us
Many other hosts who use whmcs do it????
Skynode.pro uses it
I mean there are many others
Jen - MCKingSam I mean its not a lot of information either way
You can always fake those details
And staff don't see it because they are limited to what they can do
MCKingSam - Yikes, multiple issues here.

You should care about all data no matter what.
Skynode.pro use it with a privacy policy in place to ensure that their customers feel safe, and so that they know what happens to their data.
Yes, it is a lot of information? Don't know what planet you're on to think it's not a lot of information.
Jen - MCKingSam Okay then don't use us its that simple
If you have an issue don't use us
We don't need you
MCKingSam - That's not a valid point? You're not painting a very good picture of yourself here.
mxnugget - I respect Jen, but not having a privacy policy is a real problem, both legally and for your customers satisfaction.
Usually people don't read it, but it needs to be there.
mxnugget - MCKingSam Well, you need to collect that data for safety reasons. I don't see this as a problem. Personally when I use small hosting companies I prefer to name my address to " abcdefg 15, sadsdf" or something like that.
Jen - mxnugget We have a privacy Policy
We just have not setup our site fully cause its 1 day old
We apologize for not providing the information when we finish setting it up it will be shown
Jen - mxnugget But its clearly shown in our discord
mxnugget - Jen It needs to be on your website too. Not all people use Discord.
Jen - mxnugget All of our members are from our discord
We don't have anyone that isnt in our discord
mxnugget - Jen Legally it doesn't matter. It needs to be on your website. Police won't care if it is on Discord.
MCKingSam - mxnugget Yes, I know that. I've owned hosting companies which operated in the same way, but they had a public privacy policy. However, HoloHosting need their privacy policy to be publically visible on their billing site. This is not only a legal issue, it's also a security matter.
Jen - mxnugget I understand, And once the website is fully setup it will be on there
MCKingSam - Jen You shouldn't be offering services without a public terms of service or privacy policy in place.
Jen - MCKingSam I will make sure this thread gets taken down as well
Jen - The reasons why there was no TOS or PP
Also the reason why the website has no TOS
Or privacy
Is because it was installed last night
and I had to go to sleep
So I was unable to really update it yk
I was just getting it to work with pterodactyl
it wasn't ment to be cause it was sketchy
Jen - It was just ment for Pterodactyl and Virt to work
Not for Production as of yet
MCKingSam - This thread won't be removed? If it is, then this place would be deemed biased.
Okay? So you should've waited until the next day to release.
Jen - MCKingSam If you were Patient and waited until this afternoon the site would be fully setup.
MCKingSam - You shouldn't be providing services then? Until your site has a privacy policy or terms of service, you should no longer offer services. Enough damage has already been done, though.
Jen - MCKingSam Well, Instead of acting like a pure bitch
Why don't you make a support request
Tell us
Then We will fix the issue, There was no need to make so many threads over a silly issue that can be resolved in minutes
Endermined - Owner is Anti-LGTPQ - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-19/1600529857-709835-image.png
Endermined - Owner is Anti-LGTPQ - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-19/1600529878-756350-image.png
Jedrik - what's the P for
Endermined - wrong spelling...
Jen - Endermined Theres nothing wrong with being Anti LGBTQ, its what I believe in, Deal with it and grow up lmao
No one cares, As long as I provide great service we will remain open,
Endermined - You don't provide great service though lmao
Jedrik - gReAt sErViCe
Jen - Endermined And what's to say i don't? We have very good Services for Paid Offering Fast VPS's
Fast Paid MC Hosting as well
Jedrik - I'm wheeping
Jen - We use i7s and Xeon E5 1650s
Endermined - Yes because 2nd gen i7 is really fast am I right?
Endermined - You can talk when you use DDR4 on your entire lineup...
Jen - Endermined For Budget VPS I would agree yes its fast
Jen - Endermined I don't need Pure DDR4 for my whole lineup
Jen - Endermined When you are offering 73 Cents per GB you can talk
Oh wait, U dont have hosting lmaoo
Endermined - @Jen that's too far
Jen - Endermined Not really, its called playing fair
You point out a flaw and so did i
Endermined - I did what was necessary.
Jedrik - for bare minimum that you call "great service"
Jen - Endermined So did I, I did what was Necessary
Jen - Jedrik We offer Xeon E5 1650s as well, Thats powerful for a VPS
Thats also what ender used
Endermined - What did you do? @Jen
Soyabn9 - Lmao this continues. Prob will never stop.
Ash - Soyabn9 Yes But Tbh McSams Points Are Facts
Jen - Endermined What's the point of free speech, Not everyone has to like LGBTQ
I won't accept any shit from that group and thats final, hate me all u want idc.
But Posting that was absolutely stupid
Endermined - @Jen No. You are absolutely stupid.
Jen - Endermined your Entitled to your own Opinion
Endermined - @Jen Yes. Yes I am.
Ash - Also Jen Bans You If Say TacoBell :(
Jen - Ash Thats most uncertainly untrue
I banned you for spamming not for The Taco Bell
Iceey - You're not entitled to your own opinion on an NGO platform. Learn your legals kids.
Jen - Iceey Lmao, Who said this is an NGO Platform?
Jen - Iceey Also yes you are, Everyone has there different side of view
If you wanna press charges on me then do it bitch
Iceey - Jen Please just once look the word up.
Pulse - I agree with the other comments. I understand you haven't released yet, which is why the TOS and PP weren't there. But you should have required a login to visit the site until it was completely done. Just my opinion though.
Jen - Pulse We can't
But yes we do provide the services we offer
Pulse - Do you use cPanel?
Jen - Pulse No
Pulse - I am not sure how to set a password for the site on anything except cPanel, but I do know that there is a way.
Korudo - You can do it using some simple php, here is an example I made, https://stelardevelopment.xyz/login.php (It doesn't work because it thinks the mysql is broke but it is not!) but it depends on what kind of encryption such as if you want it built-in or pop out
Iceey - You're not entitled to your own opinion and freedom of speech under something not government owned.
Iceey - @Jen just look it up
Emericion - Endermined About Jen being anti-lgbt nothing is wrong right there no need to bring liberalism.
Sloth - do you have stupid
Emericion - the point?
HCS - Emericion There is something wrong with be anti LGBTQ+ they said the death penalty should be brought back for them.
Emericion - Yet they still can express their feelings (obv non violent ways)  most of the request of death penalties  in many developed countries (not poland) will be fill buster or canceled. There is also different levels in being anti lgbtq some have high such as death penalty you mentioned earlier and some just dislike them according to religious or beliefs etc. My point is you can't force someone to like lgbtq everyone is different.
Sloth - pro lgbt isn't the same as loving lgbt
HCS - Stating that the law that LGBTQ can be killed in france should become a law again is not ok, they also said OVH is anti LGBTQ because its a french company
Jen - @Endermined Your not born gay, Being gay is a choice you make
Its either you are straight or gay, There's no Complications .
Its just like a job, Its a choice you make on wanting to do it or not
its Not something thats forced on u unless someone is forcing u.
Korudo - Jen Google "gender dysphoria" please.
Endermined - @Jen your a fucking idiot
mxnugget - great service - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-20/1600625642-318111-image.png
Matteo - For someone who doesn't care, lmao i'm dying.
Jen - mxnugget we prevented that issue by switching to another provider.
The issue will not happen again
We also applied off site backups using OVH Cloud
Matteo - Holo is a joke tbh
Matteo - We HaVe LlC bEcAuSe We PuT tHaT iN oUr NaMe
Endermined - @Jen are you saying you don't use contabo anymore??? You just claimed to have switched to another provider

HOAXERS: FACT CHECK NOW!!!
Jen - Endermined For the EU Side we moved from EU Contabo
However we are still soon Migrating USA From Contabo to AWS
Endermined - You said you didn't use it anymore. Not your still in the process of migration. And oh wow your "quality" contabo service. Contabo is so "quality" and I right? That "quality" service needing downtime for migration. Nice.
Jen - Endermined I don't really care what u think
I'm providing free service out of Generosity.
Endermined - @Jen I'm pretty sure in the past you've claimed not to waste/burn your money.... Hmmmmmmm....
Jen - Endermined I'm not And i'm not in the mood today
Today has been shit
Endermined - Every day is shit for Holo.
Endermined - https://holo.host

Ooh looks like you have a trademark issue
Jen - It's not a trademark issue
They do not do the same thing as us.
They do totally different stuff.
Nothing to be concerned about
Endermined - Just because someone doesn't have the same business model as you doesn't mean your trademark issue is "eliminated".
Jen - @Endermined Holo Hosting isn't a trademark lmao. There's a difference between an LLC and a trademark name
Endermined - Ima just check with the holo.host team. Give me a few hours please.
Ash - Endermined Lol Hes gonna get sued maybe idk
Sloth - Endermined and? What‘d they say?
mxnugget - holo go brr
eraters - hey can somebody pass me some popcorn this is fun to watch
Iceey - Jen There's also something called intellectual property but eh who knows that's not anything to worry about right?
Hyper - I have more proof that holo hosting actually collect your data if an email if appear on spam and google it marks danger it mean holo hosting didn’t pay google to make secure that they are collecting your Data - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-21/1600710394-42233-d19e7b28-e32b-4a20-971b-d50837254e2b.jpeg
Jen - Hyper First of all That's Wisps mail Servers
Lmao
Jen - Hyper Are you retarded
we dont own WISP
Hyper - It’s holo hosting email lmaoo
Jen - Hyper No, By the looks of that email template it came from the WISP pterodactyl Panel
Which uses WISPs Email Servers
AYS - "holo hosting didn’t pay google to make secure" please go make your facts right, you cant pay google to make it "secure"
Jen - Yeah, it has to have an Email Certificate
Hyper - AYS the fact they collect your data
Hyper - Jen it literally say holo hosting LLC lmaooooo
Iceey - That's not proof bud
Iceey - "seems" dangerous does not mean it's dangerous.
eraters - yeah im with iceey on this one
Jen - Hyper Brah, We literally use WHMCS
Anyone who uses WHMCS it will collect your data
Are you stupid or something?
Every Company Collects it, Even NordVPN Lmao
When you Fucking Pay your literal billing address is collected
HCS - Google will mark a lot of emails as spam.
Jen - And no i dont mean Nord uses WHMCS
Im just saying
eraters - is my wittle baby angwy? does he need a nappy nap?
Jen - eraters I'm not happy this whole month, This year has been shit for me
Just leave me alone eraters, Get your needy ass out of here
Jen - Lmao its stupid to say this
But even lamaker acts better than you
Iceey - Jen you don't get to pull a "difficult" card here.
Jen - Iceey Ye my bad
Sorry
Its still true tho
Even Lamaker is More professional than eraters lmao
Jedrik - Welcome to the Depressed Hoax-Host Owners Club
Iceey - Hyper I think you need to relearn English bud.
Hyper - Iceey well I’m from China and on google translator it say my sentences are right
Iceey - Hyper I'm sorry are you trying to support or deflate your argument?
Hyper - Iceey I know my English aren’t good I’m doing an argument about this hosting service
Iceey - I recommend duolingo.
eraters - i am scared to redownload the app
Hyper - Iceey well you know only basic English
Jedrik - Iceey ^ using it to learn Japanese
Iceey - Sure bud.
Hyper - Iceey imagine giving your data to holo hosting lmaooooo and talking shit
Iceey - Hyper I don't give Holo Hosting any data? Haven't even been on their site.

If you haven't realized already I'm a WH Moderator, not here to be biased just here to quiet skids like you.
MCKingSam - Jen Don't get me wrong, I'm also Anti LGBT. That's just my opinion. However, I don't believe it's a good idea to state that in a business environment. If someone was lgbt, I would still serve them with the same respect as a normal customer as that's no concern to me in business, and doesn't violate any polices. All customers are equal.
Jen - MCKingSam I don't refuse service to people if they are gay
All i said was I'm Anti LGBTQ
I never said I would fucking refuse to serve them
Jen - Its just what I believe in, People will grow up and move past it
HCS - Jen Didnt you say you should bring back the laws to have them killed?
Matteo - HCS what the fuck did he really omw
Hyper - Jen ok you just admitted that your company steal personal data noice! - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-22/1600782396-275269-e62986da-df20-4772-ae24-a95697053aab.gif
Jen - Hyper Using WHMCS doesnt mean we sell personal data
I said it collects it through the database when a user signs up on our website
We never Sell personal data, Your literally making no sense lmao
Matteo - Jen Holo is a Hoax where is the confirmed tag ?
Jen - Matteo We are not a hoax lmao
We just do things and Publicly they look bad yes, However we do provide the accurate service we advertise.
MCKingSam - @Sloth Could we get a confirmed tag?
Jen - MCKingSam Lmao trying to confirm nothing,
Next time do your research
holohosting.xyz isnt our main site
Someone on Github made it
Thats why its not forced ssl you dumb ass
Jedrik - Jen How the fuck are we supposed to know what the fuck your main website is? You have like 500 of them, we don't just go around like you pulling bullshit out of our arse
Jen - Jedrik Do better research next time lmao
If you think your so good confirm its ours
HCS - Jen - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-22/1600797441-971656-image.png
Jedrik - Jen Fuck you mean are there whole textbooks about your fucking site?
Jedrik - Jen Alright hold on let me do some research - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-22/1600797610-818388-screenshot-2020-09-23-01-59-36-34.jpeg
Jen - Jedrik You need to verify ownership of the website dumbo
You can't just assume we own it cause our name is on it
Thats like saying Microsoft Scam websites look exactly the same as microsoft
Microsoft totally scammed u bro
Jedrik - Jen 

HCS &lt; I mean you clearly own it
Jedrik - Jedrik fuck I need more sleep
Jedrik - Jen Don't mind my message above but, holohosting.xyz was the site YOU were crying to us that we copied it
Jedrik - and you mentioned multiple times My website so you clearly own it
AspectOfficial - They oversell Hetzner Dedicateds with 6 core CPU's. And saying they will get 60 cores lmfao. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-24/1600967977-520024-image.png
Jedrik - 🤭
Triassic - Easly uses the 60 CPU Core plan and claims they have 60 CPU Cores, as far as i know, Jen sold them this, not sure if Easly can be blamed or not, but using shady providers is not good.
Jen - Triassic We have a Quad Core Xeon And also its not a 6 Core CPU
We have assigned a CPU that actually has enough cores to power what customers need
its not oversold, As I've listed we use Co-located hardware, We have proven to each customer with great Value and Honor of using a Hetzner rack that each Dedicated Server can be custom fit for each customer.
Please If you ever need anything contact us, We ran lscpu for our customer that got 60 Cores and it indeed showed a 60 Core CPU with 4 CPU Sockets
Triassic - Virtualizor lets you overallocate cpu cores. You can't just claim you showed some customer proof about having 60 cpu cores without posting any actual proof to us.
Iceey - Triassic vCPUs are almost never actual cores.
Deleted User - Iceey problem is when it's advertised as real cores
Iceey - lscpu doesn't do shit, it just get the "cores" allocated.
Jen - @Iceey @Triassic Jeekie We give each Customer Real proof that we have the Core Count by using the lscpu command, it does show legit 60 Cores or whatever CPU we assign we will always be honest
There's no vCores or nothing that we lie about, Please do your research next time before making such claim
Jen - @Iceey we ran lscpu on the Node not the customers VPS
Iceey - Jen lscpu isn't bios integrated so it's easily faked, show us $ cat /proc/cpuinfo and I'll consider that as sufficient proof.
Jen - Iceey I can run that for sure!
1 moment
Deleted User - Jen again, I made no claims I was simply commenting
Jen - Iceey That command doesnt work btw
Jen - It says command not found
Iceey - Jen cd into /proc/cpuinfo ig
Jen - Doesn't let me 
Says too many arguments
Jen - Jedrik Jen Don't mind my message above but, holohosting.xyz was the site YOU were crying to us that we copied it

Our Website looks nothing like that r u dumb?
MCKingSam - Lmfao 60 cores.. an E5 1650v3 does not have 60 cores. I think you mean vCores probably capped at 1 dedicated core max.. also how the fuck can you profit out of that? It's stupid. Considering it looks like you're giving extra disk (1TB) and 24 IPs?
MCKingSam - Iceey Jen doesn't understand how linux works lmao.. it appears he tried copying your full message instead of going into the directory
Ash - MCKingSam Sad thing is people are falling for jens scams of 60 cores and 192gb
MCKingSam - Ash yeah.. just like easly.club
Ash - MCKingSam sway hosting was about to get it but they bought im trying to talk sence into the executive xD
Endermined - a 1650v3 actually is only single socket. You can't do anything dual/quad socket with it, so it's really not possible to have 60 cores with that cpu...
Ash - Endermined also cpu is throttled
Endermined - Well if the overallocation on the cpu at a 60 core level. Not suprised.
eraters - Jen no you still use contabo
MCKingSam - Lmao
ressonix - @Jen Just curious here because I may have missed this part, but what state is your business registered? I see you've appended LLC to your company name which would imply that you've registered it in the United States. I don't know if you know this, but company registrations are public data and if you imply that you're registered when you are not the Internal Revenue Service can fine you for it. I've looked through a few state databases so far and haven't found a registration for Holo Hosting LLC yet.

EDIT: Provided in Discord: https://www.arkansas-register.com/811241451-holo-hosting-llc

Here's the official link on the Arkansas state website: https://www.sos.arkansas.gov/corps/search_corps.php?DETAIL=552420&amp;corp_type_id=&amp;corp_name=HOLO+HOSTING+LLC&amp;agent_search=&amp;agent_city=&amp;agent_state=&amp;filing_number=&amp;cmd=
eraters - It’s back up now. But the company isn’t registered under Jen’s real name because he isn’t old enough to do it. It’s registered to Justin Kamerman (TMC)
andrexisretarded - eraters who the shit that
ressonix - eraters Looks like that person is devoutly Christian from their social media, so I highly doubt that Jen is that person from their immature actions in the Discord server. I'm kind of wondering at this point if the Justin guy even knows someone registered a business in his name.
eraters - Justin is tmc, the person with the "CEO MASTER OF HOLO HOSTING LLC" role in the holo discord
ressonix - eraters Okay, gotcha. I haven't been in their Discord so I wasn't aware of that. I just find it odd that someone like that would allow someone who seems to be so immature speak on behalf of his company. It definitely doesn't help their image at all, I can tell you that.
andrexisretarded - eraters ah kthxbai
andrexisretarded - eraters also unrelated but switch the shit to edge
eraters - no
Deleted User - I used to respect jen but now ive read this
eraters - A friend of mine showed me a youtube video on how to ssh into a pterodactyl image, so I decided to try it out to check the specs with neofetch. As you can see here, they have the Intel Xeon E5-1650 v3 at a good 3.5ghz.

Let's google how many cores that has.

Oh! It only has 6 cpu cores, which confirms the only six cores on the VPS reseller. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-29/1601389903-822107-image.png
eraters - A friend of mine showed me a youtube video on how to ssh into a pterodactyl image, so I decided to try it out to check the specs with neofetch. As you can see here, they have the Intel Xeon E5-1650 v3 at a good 3.5ghz.

Let's google how many cores that has.

Oh! It only has 6 cpu cores, which confirms the only six cores on the VPS reseller. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-29/1601389941-834040-image.png
Robert - And, to back eraters, the Intel Xeon E5-1650 v3 does not support multiple sockets - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-29/1601390240-446435-afbeelding.png
eraters - i like how its very rarely that we agree with each other
vijaypondini - So let's see. Justin ( Known as TMC ) has scammed us all. He has made a redirect of https://holobilling.xyz/ to now https://fuckholohosting.xyz/
He removed WHMCS access to our admin panel, which means we cannot cancel paid subscriptions with our users. It also means that recurring every month or so people are paying for services that are no longer existing, which also falls short of another scam.
He changed his name in discord from TMC to "JustinTK#1234" now, because he didn't want to be spammed with messages, and wanted to hide his identity. His business he registered is what he ruined himself, he scammed, he took money away from people and still is ( we are asking them to cancel the subscription from their accounts ).

Anyone think TMC is a good guy now? I don't think so :)
Jedrik - vijaypondini I've always thought of tmc as scummy, doesn't change anything about Holo :) The victim card ain't working here :)
vijaypondini - Jedrik I don't intend to come into this conversation at all . Just stating facts and things that happened today.
eraters - vijaypondini He only did it because holo is a scam
eraters - This is actually false! His Co-Owner (Shroom#7258) made it. Good job giving your staff credit for work. Also the site doesn't change the ssl status, that's all on the host. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-01/1601555961-24789-image.png
mxnugget - Deleting customers VPSes accidentally or for god knows what reason, having no SSL on a billing site and now hiring dumb staff that betrayed Holo and scammed the clients, I like how Holo ages :)
Jen - mxnugget You really sound smart but you don't, Our VPS Hosting is not touched by other admins, So  like no VPS's have been Accidentally deleted in accordance to my brain not urs, Because after all TMC wanted the fate he got the fate. I'm not supporting a person that causes me to close
mxnugget - Jen not VPSes, free game servers* - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-01/1601557832-221743-image.png
Jen - mxnugget Not sure how thats an Accidental Deletion??? Maybe you should really think a lot harder,
That was a contabo Incident not a Holo Incident.
mxnugget - Jen Doesn't matter, it's your host, not Contabo's host.
Jedrik - Not sure how thats an Accidental Deletion??? Maybe you should really think a lot harder,
That was a contabo Incident not a Holo Incident.

The man who believed that contabo was the best ^ and was talking about it being better constantly
mxnugget - Jedrik eh Contabo is still great imo
HCS - eraters I have screenshots of Jen saying it was there site
mxnugget - very professional - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-01/1601558365-768911-image.png
Jedrik - ha - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-01/1601558413-536398-image.png
andrexisretarded - Having free MC nodes deleted  
Having a billing site without SSL  
Having dumb staff that betrayed Holo and scammed their customers  
As a professional team, Holo is locking all chats after TMC destroyed Holo
andrexisretarded - andrexisretarded made by shitmyass network which own nucleus
mxnugget - andrexisretarded you're getting annoying.
and your jokes are bad
Ash - Tmc a fucking god g
AYS - Added confirmed tag, their reseller plans include 60 cores, cpu they are using is single socket one, only has 6 cores. They are selling it for 22.50 a month, that would mean over 10 machines for just one reseller.
Jen - AYS Its okay, We have a merger now!
Jedrik - Jen Dang what kid did you bait to fall for your bullshit this time
Jedrik - So apparently they're back and.. underfunded? - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-01/1601581827-258618-screenshot-2020-10-02-03-48-11-05.jpeg
mtt - Name is now changed to Century Hosting and i think Watzon owns the host now. So far, the hosting prices are not likeable tbh :/ - src
Jedrik - sounds like a fucking lie to change the name to century hoaxing kekw
vijaypondini - The new company now, Century Hosting, is owned by Watzon and Jen. They're offering Minecraft paid hosting at about 1.5$/gb of ram ( it'll change soon i think ), and offering VPS soon after that. They do have funds @Jedrik though.

At the moment, it's been 12 hours, and we got the site up and running https://century-hosting.com/ and only jen, watzon, and jaryn ( who coded the website in 12 hours from a WHMCS template ) has administrative access.

They're taking a fresh start, and resetting entirely. 
That's all i know for now
vijaypondini - vijaypondini That's now 0.75 cents/gb of RAM, and we have unbeatable prices by any other paid host.
HCS - vijaypondini for what specs
Cian - HCS Intel Celeron @ 900MHz
DDR2 RAM
Unlimited Floppy Disk Storage!
10MB/s Bandwidth 👌
Matteo - vijaypondini Lmao, i got colocated US hardware that's even cheaper dummy. Where's his 60 core hetzner dedi lmaooo
Jen - Cian This is Most Uncertainly Incorrect, We do not offer such low specs.
Jen - Matteo Okay, No one really asked you if you did.
HCS - Jen He was joking you do offer pretty low specs but you do have pretty low prices, I spoke to some staff confirming over allocation of ram would take place, not always a bad thing it depends how much.
Jedrik - vijaypondini unbeatable prices by any other paid host.

Jen ^^
Jen - @HCS Totally, Over Allocating, Every single node is reserved 1GB of free ram left. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-03/1601727719-61814-image.png
Endermined - @Jen Your free nodes are not overallocated with 1gb free ram left, you litrally set the limit to 300GB on 16GB Nodes on your free servers. I've seen it with my own eyes.
Jedrik - yikes
Jen - Endermined I don't see any other node. - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-10-03/1601731720-905289-image.png
ItsUnFazedX - I don't recommend dealing with Jen. Sketchy dude and is possibly the one that was smacking Heimsnet's nodes not too long ago.
Jen - ItsUnFazedX Lmao, I'm gonna smack that ass next
Jen - ItsUnFazedX Don't expose heimsnet's protection like that
Koisip - So updated story what happened.
Holo Hosting merged with Century Hosting. 
The owner, Watzon, basically did an uprising and got rid of every staff member.

Watzon has done illegal things like ddos and threaten others.
Website: https://winterhoax.com/d/126-century-hosting-and-watzon-16-year-old-skid/12

[Holo Hosting Is Technically dead and has a different name/owner]
BaconHead - ok
