luffyy - so....
eraters scammed me,
the first month of malzli release he didnt have enough cash to pay for next month so  then he dmd me and i made a deal with him where if he closed or sold malzli then my balance would be refunded to me



the first time i asked him for a refund was on 28/07/2021 
hes been blanking me for the last 8 days - https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/730023081489203241/877787146684088320/unknown.png
IoNetty - I don't really have a say in this but if he has 0 cash just let him be for a minute, if he won't give you a refund within a day or so just cb through paypal if that's what you used.
luffyy - IoNetty check the date he said that
and i know for  a fact that he has cash since he was gonna buy a dedi from hye
luffyy - for emerald mike's host
IoNetty - luffyy Just cb through paypal if you aren't happy, provide valid proof.
luffyy - i cant really its been over the due chargeback period
IoNetty - luffyy Go ask him again, idk what to say.
luffyy - hes been blanking me for 8 days
Robert - I was a manager at Malzli for a while, and eventually, I left because of the number of open tickets without replies of people waiting for refunds (he just completely ignored them, some people had been waiting for more than a month) and because it was an unorganized mess. You can still refund people with a limited PayPal account, and if you tell people that they can get their service refunded within 14 days of purchasing they would of course also expect that you do.
luffyy - Yeah well this would be considered worse since I had no reason to add 29$ to my balance the only reason I did do it was cuz i wanted to help eraters and he had asked me and getting blanked for that is ehhhh
luffyy - I'll just say that he has lost all my trust in him and all my respect for him
eraters - Robert they made their payment wayy more than 14 days ago
luffyy - Oh your talking about the other customers
eraters -  - https://i.imgur.com/P8tc8hM.png
eraters -  - https://i.imgur.com/dmiX65s.png
luffyy - Mhm are you going to deny the fact that I paid the cash only to help you pay for the dedis?
eraters - the sell the host deal was never made, you JUST added that.
luffyy - I'd like to know the reason I paid you this cash
eraters - i'd like to know the reason you had to fake part of a deal
luffyy - You gotta stop acting like a did I paid the cash only because you requested it and after that you end up giving the host to someone else
luffyy - I faked that part since u started blanking me
luffyy - Only way I knew to get a straight answer
eraters - so then I agreed that if i closed the host, you'd get a refund, never to the sell
luffyy - Alright so your telling me you requested me for cash and I ended up giving it to you since I trusted you but you end up selling the host to someone else and you completely disregard the fact that I had no reason to add cash to my balance except to help you out?
luffyy - And you end up acting like a dick that can't give the cash back that someone gave u to help u out?
luffyy - At this point I'm not even here for the 25$ I'm legit here to make sure people know the kind of person you are
eraters - luffyy i never directly asked you for money, i told you what was happening and you said - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-19/1629373347-666181-729f7253-23fe-4dfe-bfb3-b3462460cb80.jpg
luffyy - Send a picture of when you told me aboit the hetzner bills you asked if I could buy something from u
eraters - that was when you needed a web vps and i said i'd give you one on my hetzner account.
luffyy - Send a pic and i said i wasnt going to buy a webserver vps from u
eraters -  - https://i.imgur.com/AlaLckh.png
luffyy - Note: jeekie is now providing me with a refund
EmeraldMike - luffyy  Btw as of now he doesn't have the money. i talk with him like everyday. Also he doesn't want to buy from hye that was something i was going to do before they ran out of stock. Also editing the messages only makes you look worse.
Tomas - Pretty sure eraters still needs to refund other people from Malzli too, as Robert mentioned above
luffyy - EmeraldMike dont care about editing the messages and ik he has money since i paid him so much from your end...
