IoNetty - I was recently banned from falixnodes for a garbage reason. I was attempting to get root in one of there containers with a harmless tool named proot I also sent a picture of neofetch on one of there nodes, I recently just wrote a email to there support. If someone could get back to me that would be great.







Edit: If it's against any terms of service, I was gonna report it to falix after. I'm not that type of person. The os package on python was used to get the original terminal, easiest thing to do. If the thread name could be changed that would be nice, unprofessional garbage is a bit of a big word. It's not representative anyway. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-21/1629528161-164785-image.png
IoNetty - I was recently banned from falixnodes for a garbage reason. I was attempting to get root in one of there containers with a harmless tool named proot I also sent a picture of neofetch on one of there nodes, I recently just wrote a email to there support. If someone could get back to me that would be great.







Edit: If it's against any terms of service, I was gonna report it to falix after. I'm not that type of person. The os package on python was used to get the original terminal, easiest thing to do. If the thread name could be changed that would be nice, unprofessional garbage is a bit of a big word. It's not representative anyway. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-21/1629528169-51818-image.png
IoNetty - I was recently banned from falixnodes for a garbage reason. I was attempting to get root in one of there containers with a harmless tool named proot I also sent a picture of neofetch on one of there nodes, I recently just wrote a email to there support. If someone could get back to me that would be great.







Edit: If it's against any terms of service, I was gonna report it to falix after. I'm not that type of person. The os package on python was used to get the original terminal, easiest thing to do. If the thread name could be changed that would be nice, unprofessional garbage is a bit of a big word. It's not representative anyway. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-21/1629528176-99071-image.png
Triassic - How much swap did they have?
IoNetty - Triassic I never checked, if you have an account at falix I can help you look.
AxelNetwork - Triassic It doesnt say the swap ram. Just the regular ram of the Machine itself say
IoNetty - AxelNetwork The regular ram of the machine is 64GB, do you have an account at falix?
AxelNetwork - IoNetty yeah
AxelNetwork - Wait one sec, Ill send one of the ULT nodes
IoNetty - AxelNetwork Send me a dm, Io.Netty#3118 if that's okay.
IoNetty - I'll send you one of my scripts to get swap.
IoNetty - Triassic Swap amount is 128GB. On ULT13
AxelNetwork - IoNetty ULT13*
IoNetty - bump
IoNetty - @loganmbutler no use anymore, this can be deleted. it's completely dead
