Dev_X - Few words: these idiots judging a host, creating a thread without knowing the reasons, they are haters.
So we recently opened this discord "voidnodes" this discord isnt even finished and they started a thread "they think tos is rules" literally we opened this discord for ppl to chat we didnt even open the website, if someone does something wrong they immiedatly that "we" and here is an example: joe does punches a kid then kids say "joe's friends punched a kid" like tf and then also judging owners english the second after he misspells they make fun of him, he is from india he is not an english major, then they say that i dont understand anything when i said it so many times "IM NOT A FUCKING REAL EXECUTIVE IM JUST AN ARTIST" then they say "you shouldnt have opened this host when u dont even know how to code and etc" im not the fucking owner i didnt even open this discord or anything im just an helper and an artist thats all, then xshadow claims that i copy him by doing some daily pics of "my cat" (when i dont even have a cat so he says it having no idea that i even dont have a cat) so i do have a dog and i do daily pics of him for the admins cuz they want to see him they are asking for it every day and i only do  bloopers pics thing, they also call us unprofessional when we didnt even open the real discord or host we just say cringe things to be funny or something, then xshadow also put tags that we are "scammers" so im going put a tag saying "scammers" too, these kids never learn, they call us idiots when they started a drama when they have no idea that we didnt even open the real discord yet so they are the "idiots" not knowing that, im gonna post more here later on since im on my phone and i dont have time rn, anyways ty for understanding
Kowone - wha-
Dev_X - It cut words
Bartosz1 - Dev_X i dont even care btw
EmeraldMike - Idiot
-2021
Bartosz1 - "scammers" btw 
who did i scam
give proof
hmmm who can i scam rn?
ig nobody
Dev_X - Bartosz1 didnt u read it i put the tags cuz xshadow did and we didnt scam too so if he removes it i remove it
Dev_X - Bartosz1 i didnt even ask, i dont care if i care or not im just exposing u
Dev_X - EmeraldMike dont think that u didnt anything be glad that i didnt say anything about u
X_Shadow_ - So you are drama.gg'ing people because they did a drama.gg on you? I must say you are impressively dumb LMAO
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ no im not im just exposing u
X_Shadow_ - Oh, and btw I already said multiple time that I was not giving a fuck about copying the designs n stuff I just said that cuz it's funny to see you guys lie saying you got them on google LOL

I honestly do not give a fuck about you, the voidnudes thread was just to make people know that some free hostings are just pure scams, like it was before. You can't tell people to open a ticket for a free server when you do not even know how to install pterodactyl 🙂
  
 Last thing: man are you ok? it's been 1 month since I made the thread, you are still talking about it like it was yesterday, chill out dude it's not like I killed someone
X_Shadow_ - Dev_X AHHH SO SCARED BRUHH MAN STOP You exposed me for saying the truth AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NO PLES DELETE THREAD
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ see u "guys" exactly thats what i mean i didnt do anything i just said what farakiu said and it was farakiu who got that image not "us"
X_Shadow_ - Dev_X Who the fuck did I scam???????????????????? Guys bad news!!! making drama.gg thread = SCAMMER 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯 🤯  OMG BRUH
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ lmao i literally answered all the questions lol? you have nothing else to say now in the thread?
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ who the fuck did we scam xshadow making a thread = tags scam
X_Shadow_ - Dev_X so you are still mad about it even tho it's been a month? I think you need to go outside with friends a little, change your mind idk
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ we literally do know losty literally did install and u cant post/start a thread when not knowing the reasons or knowing our "skills" u dont even know what we can do and ur posting shit and saying that "we cant" do stuff when we literally can we just are waiting for losty to come back
X_Shadow_ - I do not even know why I'm talking with a kid that does not even know what he's saying; Anyways, you made me laugh thanks man. Cya!
EDIT: For future messages on this thread: I won't even respond cuz this thread dumb ok bye
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ how am i mad? Lol i must say ur reading skills are something
Dev_X - What cant i expose u cant u face the truth?
Dev_X - lmao
X_Shadow_ - Dev_X cuz you are still talking about it a month later looser anyway stop making me loose my time ok bye
Bartosz1 - Dev_X no
you cant expose because you dont even know how to expose
and when you should expose
X_Shadow_ - I never hid the fact that I made a thread on you and the whole family of voidnudes, all you are saying in this thread is that you're mad about the fact I made a thread on you a month ago
Dev_X - Bartosz1 literally just did
Bartosz1 - X_Shadow_ 
"family of voidnudes"
lmao nice
X_Shadow_ - anyway devx bye i'm not even gonna respond here cuz this is so dumb thanks for making me laugh like really
Dev_X - Bartosz1 you said u dont care then why do u care why are u here then lol?
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ yeah ur more dumb
Bartosz1 - Dev_X 
because i wanna laugh
Bartosz1 - ur really funni ngl
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ which ppl can still see and i will get hated on bc of that when i did absolutely nothing
AxelNetwork - No shitsherlock, why did this even exist
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ yeah u just wanna run away from the truth and being exposed u have ur friends to keep protecting u or something like bartosz they are allways on ur side and u know deep down that u have nothing else to say bc u keep dodging this u should read it again
Dev_X - AxelNetwork a message to them bc they keep doing the same thing
X_Shadow_ - Dev_X you were a fan of quackhost (watch the voidnodes thread, it's a reference) so you must know that we got drama.gg'ed right? We got a drama.gg thread on october, we closed in july, so the host was still alive, ofc we were getting people that sent the link saying "omg scammers" but we honestly wouldn't care about them cuz what was in the thread was fixed since a while ago. Now lemme tell you that if you can't seperate positive and negative messages, you can't do an host, you need to understand that.
Now, if you somehow make a good host I will be happy to see that you did well, but right now all you are doing is exposing your stupidity on the internet, which is just a new proof of the original thread. 
Saying "yeah ur more dumb" like an 11 kid game "no u".

Edit: I need to stop answering to this idiot, all he wants is attention.
Bartosz1 - Dev_X 
im on shadows and other peoples side
cus
i like them
and  youre dumb
ez
(totally not coding for some guy thatis on "shadows side" for sure)
AxelNetwork - Dev_X Bro, One thing. No one cares.

It's literally "the community for exposing fraudulent companies and people."
Bartosz1 - Dev_X 
im waiting for 
you guys
to fucking 
improve
the host
and your english skills
Bartosz1 - Bartosz1 
then ill reconsider my "hate"
Bartosz1 - X_Shadow_ 
"WERE"
dev x when qh got sold:
@ josh why u bastard 
blah blah blah 
just offensive lol
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ "you cant make good host" im not the one making it how MANY FUCKING TIMES DID I TELL U THAT IM NOT A REAL EXECUTIVE READ THE STUPID THREAD DUDE
Dev_X - Bartosz1 thats why ppl they're the bad guys they literally are the mean ones and u are waiting for the host to improve huh then wait dont fucking send hate
Dev_X - AxelNetwork i created this fir shadow to see this and other ppl cuz they keep coming to our discord from drama.gg and send hate and i want him to close the fucking thread which he wont fucking do cuz he dosent understand anything i say and then he calls me dumb and judges our english look at ur self xshadow
Dev_X - Bartosz1 i never said he was a bastard and i arleady explained my self about that in the voidnodes thread and u called me dumb when u cant fucking read
Dev_X - i just want to end that thread
Dev_X - X_Shadow_ says the guy who tries to dodge the thread
Bartosz1 - Dev_X when i read "i just want to end"
i had a hope there is "this" not "that"
Bartosz1 - Dev_X 
nononono
totally not

thats u - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-21/1629554528-407426-obraz.png
Dev_X - Bartosz1 bruh not this thread i want to end that thread are u dumb or something u cant even understand which thread im talking about
Bartosz1 - Dev_X 
i can you idiot
Dev_X - ok well ur not wrong about me being an idiot but just understand that the point of this thread is to just close the voidnodes thread
Cain - Dev_X I'm not gonna lie dude, all the guys you tagged in this thread I have had personal dealings with them. Some more than others (Bonjour my baguette), Just because you don't like the fact someone opened a thread to call out your company doesn't give you the excuse to open another thread attempting to call them out because you don't think their view is right. If a thread has incorrect information, request one of the moderators to review the thread, they will then check the information out and change its status if it deserves changing.
Daftscientist - Imagine making a drama.gg thread because someone made one about you.
Dev_X - Daftscientist i didnt do it bc of the thread im just exposing him?
Dev_X - Cain literally i didnt open this thread cuz of the other thead tf are u talking bout i never said that?
Dev_X - Xshadow is just dumb he said that not me?
Dev_X - Ok so lets make things clear:
I didnt do this thread cuz of that thread i never said that
I made this thread cuz of them claiming that it was "us" who copied the stuff just search voidnodes and u will find the thread
Xshadow dosent wanna end the thread cuz he still thinks that he has other things to say but the "other" questions are literally the same.
Xshadow still thinks the same way even tho i answered ALL the questions and he is still saying voidnodes is bad then other ppl ask why and he says the same things that i answered arleady example: xshadow: voidnodes is bad joe: why? xshadow: they think tos is rules and i already answered that questions (answer: "they think tos is rules" "they" huh, he says "they" and it wasnt me or anish it was the one who posted it and every single time when someone makes a fucking mistake he posts "they" i arleady said it so many times it isnt "they" its the one who did it
BlackCat - the thread wont go anywhere stfu and full shit thread

having drama is part of owning a host deal with it. If you own good or bad host u get drama anyways so deal with it and shut the fuck up ok bye
Dev_X - I also gotta say his reading skills are something
Dev_X - BlackCat bruh i dont own the host ru dumb or something i told everyone so many FUCKING TIMES cant u guys read or something????
BlackCat - no i canta read im so blind omg mum help some idiiot is bullying me omg help mum plz
Dev_X - BlackCat says the dumber one
Dev_X - anyways im done in this thread just letting everyone know what u did and how mean you are and stuff like chillax someone gotta expose you
EmeraldMike - Dev_X  the mods will probably remove this anyway lmfao
Bartosz1 - Cain 
I just got flashbacks when I was testing some bot you were making with you haha
And yeah I agree this thread is pointless 
Dev X: "fuck, another guy on their side" (joke)
Cain - Bartosz1 indeed indeed

You: Helped test a bot I made
Shadow: My Baguette
BlackKitten: General discussions and bought a theme
anishbanerjee12 - Hey guys I think all of user voidnodes knows me...I want to say that I was an executive of voidnodes so I didn't say the truth but it's really a scam by farakiu...
Losty the new owner is farakiu himself....
Devx is just good but he also doesn't knows the truth ...so please all of you leave voidnodes join when it is free of scam..
But I think it will never
BlackCat - bro it easy to avoid in dc just blacklist the domains 🤦 and insta ban when someone send easy peasy just use ur fucking brain
AxelNetwork - this still alive?
anishbanerjee12 - AxelNetwork  yes ... because of some fucking person
