Jen - This Poll was not made for any drama other than the Actual Truth
So we have a staff member demoted named Kivox that even said that they are loosing Clients, it seems heimsnet is on the verge of going broke/Bankrupt or Closure

I personally never hated Endermine cause he was always honest but he said that he bought heimsnet for 2k and he literally got it for free, So now he just exposed himself

What does this teach us, To not trust what ender says anymore because not only has he exposed himself
But now his staff are Actually Resigning including my best friend tim which is an Executive.
Because of the way they are operating isn't efficient and are loosing clients on the daily
Heimsnet was always about Premium Service, Now this is worse than Pornhub Premium - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-18/1600438560-635252-image.png
Jen - This Poll was not made for any drama other than the Actual Truth
So we have a staff member demoted named Kivox that even said that they are loosing Clients, it seems heimsnet is on the verge of going broke/Bankrupt or Closure

I personally never hated Endermine cause he was always honest but he said that he bought heimsnet for 2k and he literally got it for free, So now he just exposed himself

What does this teach us, To not trust what ender says anymore because not only has he exposed himself
But now his staff are Actually Resigning including my best friend tim which is an Executive.
Because of the way they are operating isn't efficient and are loosing clients on the daily
Heimsnet was always about Premium Service, Now this is worse than Pornhub Premium - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-18/1600438643-855158-image.png
Endermined - I never made claims that heimsnet was sold for $2K
Endermined - The company is fine. The only issue at hand is the PayPal is frozen.
Endermined - In fact when you asked how much it sold for, I refused to disclose the number with you.
Jen - @Endermined i have Heimsnet Executive and a Developer coming to back me up
Endermined - The operation of Heimsnet is perfectly stable and intact. I didn't "expose" myself. I just told the truth. That is the fact of the matter.
Jen - @Endermined You did say you bought heimsnet

That doesnt seem like you paid very much - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-18/1600438957-633308-image.png
Jen - @Endermined Your shits gone anyways - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-18/1600438999-242565-image.png
Jen - The Developer has Seized his work from Heimsnet because of this
europa - I owned a part of Heimsnet (its not a registered company chill out), i was told that it was being sold for 2K and ender backed that up several times in VC, then turns out it was given to him for free without any payment made.
Endermined - Yes. I told the truth there. I never said I paid $2K to anyone. I've always refused to disclose the number. Also yes, the deal was I was to pay the future invoices out of my pocket (which is around $2K worth of bills). I never was intentionally trying to deceive anyone.
Endermined - I didn't back it up. That is fake news. I never tried to deceive anyone.
Endermined - If I was trying to back that up, why would I tell you the truth in that chat if I knew you were there.
Jen - Endermined 2K bills and 2k buying company are totally different
you said you bought it for 2k And now I have a hard time even thinking that heimsnet is stable
Out of all the staff that said you guys are loosing money, And you really wanna try to cover yourself up
I have 3 different staff that all say your loosing money, And they were highly ranked staff
Endermined - I NEVER said i bought it for $2K
Endermined - Yeah I am. Because my PayPal is frozen.
Endermined - I'm literally not trying to cover anything up this whole thread is outrageous.
Jen - @Endermined I know you took down the thread but you clearly stated he sold it to you
Getting it for free isn't selling - https://winterhoax.com/assets/files/2020-09-18/1600439250-334301-image.png
Endermined - I actually didn't write that. Copied and pasted from someone who appraised it. Not me.
Iceey - This is ridiculous
Jen - @Endermined let's be honest
What's there to Appraise, Loosing 500 Euro every month?
Endermined - MrShave appraised it.
Iceey - Jen ?
Jen - @Iceey what?
onyx - Jen Time to backup my sh*t on my VPS
KIVOX - I stand with everything Jen Has said. I was one of the Lead Devs and Technical Officers (System Admins)

I'd suggest getting the fuck away from here. Endermined got this company for free from Iceey and is still complaning about having to pay invoices due. Kids a fucking retard. So its a major risk. 
Message log: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/707981857534509136/756515019503566878/KIVOX-ticket.log

Regards,
-One of the fucking OGs
Iceey - He bought it. There are parts of the deal you don't know by any means so please leave it.
Jen - onyx @KIVOX @europa @Endermined 
I think we can all agree that with all the good staff being banned by ender or Resigning that heimsnet will be no more, And that they will go under ground just like Hye Hosting.
Heimsnet Turned from Premium to being worse than Pornhub Premium in 1 Fucking day
KIVOX - Iceey He fucked the company to oblivion
Jen - Iceey he didn't buy it
Because He literally claimed he got it for free
Are you high or are you defending ender
europa - Abort abort
europa - I overreacted
onyx - Jen I resigned lmao
europa - THIS IS ALL CAUSE THE DEAL WASNT EXPLAINED TO ME WELL ENOUGH
Endermined - The company is fine. The PayPal is just frozen, and we are working on an alternative payment solution. Any staff who were banned were banned for intentionally attempting to incite uncessecary drama in the community. Unlike Hye, Drama is NOT tolerated in Heimsnet's community.
europa - Ender is in the clear
Jen - @europa Fuck you really fucked up my thread
Iceey - Jen You're seriously claiming that I don't know the deal we made?
europa - Im fucking stupid guys
Iceey - The only stupid thing here is this thread
Jen - Either way heimsnet is still ruined
They are still loosing clients so why even work at heimsnet
Loosing 500 euro a month as there bill is 1,500 and they only make 600-1000
Loosing clients i think this is enough to state the future
Iceey - @KIVOX nice seeing your cheeks btw
Jen - Iceey Either way the company is still ruined
I miss you iceey
Iceey - Jen since when did you have access to his paypal account lmao
Jen - Iceey Well to be fair
he did state he got it for free so i mean
Also he banned me for nothing lmao all i asked was a question to Europa and i got banned
onyx - Iceey We miss you dude
Iceey - onyx I don't miss it tho
Jen - Iceey Also I know he is loosing money
Because he litereally said it on the thread when he wanted to sell it
onyx - Iceey Oof. I hope you enjoy ur schooling.
Iceey - If his PayPal account is locked then hell yeah he's loosing money
KIVOX - Imma just go now. If its all been cleared up.
Jen - @Iceey Here we go good thing I have the wayback machine
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/756234102218293279/756244478414553088/unknown.png
KIVOX - Iceey PayPal is the most fucked thing that was ever invented
Jen - Literally says they make between 600-1000 and it costs a total of 1500 to operational costs
Iceey - Jen some day you'll learn corporate finance, some day.
Jen - @KIVOX Ngl even if paypal froze heimsnet
It still went bad, The lack of enders encouragement that people like Timan or iceey or Kivox or Europa brought to the table,
It really does feel like heimsnet is dead
Jen - Iceey oh I know how to, I'm just listing all of what they literally listed as in facts
Because lets be honest if they made much more than above 1,500 they would list it
Endermined - The PayPal account is the only thing causing business instability. If we cannot stabilize the business we will look into investors for stabilization. We already have received investors to get the ikoula paid during the PayPal freeze, and we are working on a solution diligently to get the S4Y paid as well. In the event that we are unable to find a solution to both issues, we will sell the company to someone who is capbale of the financial situation (i could easily do it if my PayPal worked). This is a last resort option though, but it is the only one to prevent the death of Heimsnet through the current financial situation with PayPal. We have been extremely transparent about this issue, the entire community is perfectly knowledgable, and knows of the plan we have in place. We are not trying to decieve/lie to anyone about our stability.
Iceey - Jen You clearly don't as profit is profit.
Iceey - Jen you need to look up the term profit and then apologize to Ender.
europa - Thread cancelled
Endermined - @Jen I didn't write it. The person who did my Appriasal did. I have no way of self-appraising without someone with prior knowledge of Heimsnet's financials so i had to have it appraised. In addition, we only wrote that thread to look at our options in the event we have to go with plan B so we can have a swift, smooth transition with a new owner already prepared to take over. It is always good to plan ahead.
Jen - @Endermined Why do you hurt yourself, Why put the nodes at risk, get a temp someone to pay the fucking bills before those Dedi's are FUCKING SUSPENDED
Endermined - This thread is only proving the effectiveness of the management @Jen and our willingness to keep Heimsnet alive and the lengths we will go to do to so.
Endermined - What do you think I meant by investors?
Jen - Endermined You rubbed in my face that if I did not sell MrShaves software that Holo Hosting would be dead 
Clearly uh that is not the case as ur plan has failed, You see this is kinda like karma when you doubted me and now I can laugh because your the one suffering and i'm not
Endermined - I didn't rub shit in your face. This is the most ridiculous thread of all time.
Iceey - Profit is MONEY MADE AFTER expenses!
Iceey - Your ego can't seem to look the fucking term up
Jen - Iceey yeah, But they clearly are loosing if they state they only make 1000 Euro max profit
Iceey - Jen You...
Jen - @Endermined You did rub it in my face, Because you made me feel like a complete failure
You literally said OH IF YOU DONT SELL IT
YOU WILL GO BROKE BECAUSE EVERYONE WILL BE USING IT
Endermined - Profit is the money you make after expenses dumbass... If we say we make $1K profit, that means we EARN $1K and am not losing anything.
Endermined - @Jen what???
Iceey - Endermined Really took him a while to figure it out.
Endermined - @Iceey ikr
Jen - Lmao, if you guys are making so much
Why are you guys loosing so many clients
Endermined - We're not... We're not loosing clients....
Iceey - Jen I don't think personal preference is based on the company's earnings?
Jen - Endermined Clearly if you make 1k And your loosing clients
How can you make the same with loosing clients?
Iceey - Jen Please oh please show me the billing panel log.
Endermined - @Jen I will say it before and I will say it again. I'm not the one who estimated those earnings. If you have a problem with the estimation, go talk to the guy that estimated it, not to me.
Jen - Endermined Estimated earnings my ass
Paypal will literally say the Monthly sales
Endermined - @Jen we're switching to stripe actually. That's apart of our plan.
Endermined - Also @Jen I do not have access to that PayPal account. I had to get an estimate.
Jen - Endermined What the shit? So you don't even have a paypal that you can get into
Now thats an unsecure payment gateway
Endermined - Did you just call stripe, one of the most widely used payment gateways, insecure? Are you stupid?
Jen - @Endermined You tell me
You don't even have access to it so if someone got in that paypal you couldnt do shit
They would have everyones address
Endermined - What? What are you even talking about. I have access to my paypal and iceey has access to his. I have no idea wtf your going on about now.
