Sisters0091 - dashactylmanager has no privacy policy or tos and since its collecting data it should have a privacy policy...
Tomas - link, proof etc?
Sisters0091 - Tomas https://manager.dashactyl.com
Sisters0091 - theres no signs of pp or tos
BlackCat - who asked
Daftscientist - @BlackCat hmmm i don't think anyone did
Two - good thing that isnt made by me, nor is 100% official (but endorsed)
Two - i'll ask MythicalKitten to fix it
Daftscientist - Two nabby
Sisters0091 - Two why put it on the official domain then..
Jamie_ - Sisters0091 Yo, use your eyes. He said it isn't official but endorsed.

Oh here you go BTW: https://www.specsavers.co.uk/
Two - Sisters0091 i dont own that domain anyways, but i do endorse dashactyl.com to be official, but dashactyl manager is unofficial official, meaning it isnt part of dashactyl, but supported by it
Jamie_ - Also the fact you felt you needed to make a drama.gg post about this when you could have just messaged me, two or any other person is quite sad. Not every discord bot in the world needs a Privacy Policy. You know when adding any discord bot to your server, your data will be stored like your name, user ID, commands, things like that. If you really have an issue with this, go make a drama.gg post about every other discord bot that exists too. Smh.
Jamie_ - @Robert Resolved and locked please, we will add a PP if mr Sisters0091 really wants to cry about it that much.
Chirag - Jamie_ yeah, it's a discord bot... but... but most bot lists and even discord want you to have a privacy policy.
Sisters0091 - Jamie_ it grabs the dashactyl api key and dashactyl collects further data... how shouldnt it have a pp??
Jamie_ - Sisters0091 which companies run and have a PP. if you really wanna cry about it, we will make one because you really feel like we need one.
Jamie_ - Chirag That isn’t true, there are millions of discord bots out there and probably only 20% have a PP
Daftscientist - Sisters0091 you want a pp? Here you go:
The data collected by DashactylManager is used, and only used, to connect with the users dashactyl instance. Oh btw also no leaki leaki. Oh and only mythicalkitten has access.
Daftscientist - Ez, anyway il have a proper one up on the site soon.
SlayorPlayz - Its a simple discord bot who tf cares.
SteveCos - Jamie_ It does requires, it just people didn't enforce it
Dviih - Major hosts who uses dashactyl is free they almost always doesn't have any term lmao except discord rules but to be honest they are so generic
Jamie_ - SteveCos It is a discord bot. Not OVH for fucks sake. You send message, it makes server. It isn't that deep my guy.
