Ryan - Well let's get right into it, i saw this zachery guy requestiong help with something on public chat i told him dms, and he asked me to ddos someone, he claimed that this girl steals ip adresses and sell them on the "black market" his words not mine, i kept playing his game i told him i will do it in exchange for staff considering he doesn't have the power to give me staff directly, he said he will recommend me and i will have a bigger chance of getting staff, anyways this is boring, all proof is below.







and zachery please change that pfp - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630849862-129057-image.png
Ryan - Well let's get right into it, i saw this zachery guy requestiong help with something on public chat i told him dms, and he asked me to ddos someone, he claimed that this girl steals ip adresses and sell them on the "black market" his words not mine, i kept playing his game i told him i will do it in exchange for staff considering he doesn't have the power to give me staff directly, he said he will recommend me and i will have a bigger chance of getting staff, anyways this is boring, all proof is below.







and zachery please change that pfp - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630849924-759743-image.png
Ryan - Well let's get right into it, i saw this zachery guy requestiong help with something on public chat i told him dms, and he asked me to ddos someone, he claimed that this girl steals ip adresses and sell them on the "black market" his words not mine, i kept playing his game i told him i will do it in exchange for staff considering he doesn't have the power to give me staff directly, he said he will recommend me and i will have a bigger chance of getting staff, anyways this is boring, all proof is below.







and zachery please change that pfp - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630850013-491235-image.png
Ryan - Well let's get right into it, i saw this zachery guy requestiong help with something on public chat i told him dms, and he asked me to ddos someone, he claimed that this girl steals ip adresses and sell them on the "black market" his words not mine, i kept playing his game i told him i will do it in exchange for staff considering he doesn't have the power to give me staff directly, he said he will recommend me and i will have a bigger chance of getting staff, anyways this is boring, all proof is below.







and zachery please change that pfp - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630850306-996901-image.png
Ryan - Well let's get right into it, i saw this zachery guy requestiong help with something on public chat i told him dms, and he asked me to ddos someone, he claimed that this girl steals ip adresses and sell them on the "black market" his words not mine, i kept playing his game i told him i will do it in exchange for staff considering he doesn't have the power to give me staff directly, he said he will recommend me and i will have a bigger chance of getting staff, anyways this is boring, all proof is below.







and zachery please change that pfp - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630850434-709160-image.png
Deleted User - well the whole thing was a jke and tho at the start i was quite angry to say it
Deleted User - basically as you know the event where a client owner ruined a client by token logging 100s of users+selling ips and ddosing them and out of a spur of anger i did ask him to ddos
Deleted User - but it was in a spur of anger and i admit my mistake for even requesting such a thing
Deleted User - and i admit that im at fault
Deleted User - tho i had no true intention that it would actually happen apparently he actually could have ddosed
Deleted User - and i hope we can put this in the past and get over it
regards,
zachery
Deleted User - and the whole me giving him a reccomendation was not solely due to the fact he could ddos someone but its due the fact of mehosts management crisis where i believe youve seen two threads on mehost where there was improper management and all and we actually need proper and good staff and considering ryan has worked for one of the past hosts i worked in i thought he would be a good addition
Deleted User - so i hope this could be understood as i was in alot of stress after the client i worked hard for ruined by thoes 2 scum
luffyy - Spam
Ryan - Zachery you could've said all that in the same response yk but sure
IoNetty - Hey! I'm the highest rank / creator in MEHost. To protect our reputation me and dchu will be looking into this, hope you understand. We don't have any issues and this is not involved with us at the moment. If it get's worse please message me on discord, ping me in drama.gg discord or DM. About mehost managment, it's all dealt with. People have been promoted and demoted. Were trying out best to make a great host, were currently not having any profit and were partly in debt. I hope you understand or everyone understands what were going through on our end. It's a bit important to us to protect our reputation so i'm trying my best to protect it and making our host one of the best. 😄
dchu096 - Hello, this case is not involved with us. Zach is a admin in MEhost but he exists in finance department for making plans and have no right of allowing people into staff team. Staff are being picked by Me/ionetty whos on the topmost position of mehost.

If you have a issue please feel free to DM me on discord

Kind regards
dchu096 - owner of mehost
dchu096 - Zach, cant you just enjoy your birthday by watching youtube or something... You enjoy it by making mehost again on drama.gg for the 4th time... (and 66% of the thread is related to you) you call that a joke????



Started off pinging everyone for a youtube video



and now asking someone to ddos in exchange for staff...

Use your brain zach. Was going to let me have a happy birthday (i even pinged everyone to tell them to say a happy bday to you) and i was gonna demote you for pinging everyone for a YT vids for kids but i let it slide because its your bday and i let it slide into the point i need to involve on drama.gg??

Your behavior is going ridiculous. Looks like a meeting is gonna be held because of you ruining mehost rep with a joke which isnt a joke


If mehost is a talking community you mentioning everyone for a yt vid is totally reasonable but this is a host and a yt video have nothing related to hosting. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630882703-382938-cmuaihxtpj.png
dchu096 - Zach, cant you just enjoy your birthday by watching youtube or something... You enjoy it by making mehost again on drama.gg for the 4th time... (and 66% of the thread is related to you) you call that a joke????



Started off pinging everyone for a youtube video



and now asking someone to ddos in exchange for staff...

Use your brain zach. Was going to let me have a happy birthday (i even pinged everyone to tell them to say a happy bday to you) and i was gonna demote you for pinging everyone for a YT vids for kids but i let it slide because its your bday and i let it slide into the point i need to involve on drama.gg??

Your behavior is going ridiculous. Looks like a meeting is gonna be held because of you ruining mehost rep with a joke which isnt a joke


If mehost is a talking community you mentioning everyone for a yt vid is totally reasonable but this is a host and a yt video have nothing related to hosting. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-05/1630883198-524174-discord-rwh0bm0m0b.png
Deleted User - Yes i understand the consequences of it all and im ok with any action
dchu096 - Hello @Ryan This thread is basically Zach vs Eclipse (on Twilight client) which they put ip loggers in. But i think the reason why he mentioned MEhost is because you in the status looking for staff.



Here to clarify MEHost does not own twilight-client.xyz

Heres my follwoing chat with Zachery regarding MEhost

He thinks you are a good position for our host. Not ddos to exchange staff position.

And he admitted himself that this thread is a totally unrelated to MEhost.

@Robert If you may look into this thread would be awesome. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-06/1630905158-542574-discord-yldu80dule.png
dchu096 - Hello @Ryan This thread is basically Zach vs Eclipse (on Twilight client) which they put ip loggers in. But i think the reason why he mentioned MEhost is because you in the status looking for staff.



Here to clarify MEHost does not own twilight-client.xyz

Heres my follwoing chat with Zachery regarding MEhost

He thinks you are a good position for our host. Not ddos to exchange staff position.

And he admitted himself that this thread is a totally unrelated to MEhost.

@Robert If you may look into this thread would be awesome. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-06/1630905235-974658-discord-n8bc1ugdoe.png
dchu096 - Hello @Ryan This thread is basically Zach vs Eclipse (on Twilight client) which they put ip loggers in. But i think the reason why he mentioned MEhost is because you in the status looking for staff.



Here to clarify MEHost does not own twilight-client.xyz

Heres my follwoing chat with Zachery regarding MEhost

He thinks you are a good position for our host. Not ddos to exchange staff position.

And he admitted himself that this thread is a totally unrelated to MEhost.

@Robert If you may look into this thread would be awesome. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-06/1630905312-404743-discord-re8n4kn2cj.png
Deleted User - Note i was not the one who even offered the reccomendation ryan asked for a role but i ssid recommendation maybe since i actually thought he would be a good addition to the team and in the screenshots you can see i even asked to verify he was of right age and all
EclipseClient - WOWWWW I DDOS 3 Member!? i sold their Ip On the BlackMarket Seriously!??? u are the one who betrayed me I Never Token Grabbed Any Member's Token I Onlly Grabbed of my friends Which Is Fine What i did He Said thats Its Ok
EclipseClient - Lol Zachery You Are So Done You Are Just Faking Here That I Did Something Bad
EclipseClient - He Said He will Ddos Attack Me And When I came Here He Is Just Taking Help From Someone Lol So You Call Your Self a Hacker
EclipseClient - IF Your Trusting Zachery It Means Ur  Pouring Lava In Ur Own Head
NighMayHigh - EclipseClient Firstly, learn to speak english

Stop Capitalising Every Fucking Word.
Use proper english ur pissing me off.
'Pouring lava in your own head' wtf does that mean, idiot.
EclipseClient - NighMayHigh AHHHH Idkkkkkkkk WHO are YOU
EclipseClient - Zachery HUH MAN!? WHAT!???? 100s of token!? selling ip!? and dddosing Like seriously? i even didnt knew what ddos was
BaconHead - EclipseClient https://grammarly.com - Please install their extension and write essays daily. Read the dictionary daily too, and then take spelling tests weekly to improve.
EclipseClient - BaconHead Sure
Deleted User - Yes we dont have time to waste with your terrible grammar
Deleted User - And yes you did that @RusJS
Deleted User - Is it true?
Deleted User - EclipseClient proves you have no idea what hacking is
Deleted User - EclipseClient plus you did token log
EclipseClient - Zachery yes i token logged into my friends acc and who the fuck are you to say that cause my friends are like fine with it so why are you being like oversmart who the fuck are you to decide and do i even know u??
EclipseClient - Zachery huh i even dont know what ddos is
Ryan - dchu096 if a mod will look into this he might as well just add confirmed tag, the reason why MeHost was mentioned is 
1- because Zach has (or had) a high position in your staff team, idk about u guys but am careful before i hire someone that clearly suck at doing his job.
2- he offered me staff in MeHost, idc if he has or doesn't have the authority to do so, but he did, ur fault for hiring him. 
And Cmon Zach Didn't say that because he thought am a good staff member he doesn't know shit about me he said he worked with me before, but i have no memory of it so it either i have severe memory loss, or Zach is lying, and with zach's past guess which option is more likely ? 
am not  removing this thread or editing the title, if you want to make ur host better get better staff, and don't hire brain-dead kids.
IoNetty - Ryan Were working on this on our part. We aren't involved in this problem and it is not our issue. I'm trying to get this dealt with as easily and quick as possible. The proper demotions &amp; promotions will come from this. Were trying our best here. 🙂
dchu096 - Ryan Omg ryan at least if you want MEhost in this case so bad put twilight client in too. you are missing out the main topic but adding a unrelated topic in!
dchu096 - The ddos is Twilight client between Zach and Eclipse on the token loggers.

The MEhost part is zachery offering ryan a staff spot.

But the thread came out ddosing MEhost in exchange for staff. This is completely mixed and now mehost is being blamed for this mess.

Ryan, if you say MEhost is having a issue with staff, ok go start a new thread on us! But be reasonable, ddosing in exchange for staff is a false information and you are jamming mehost into a different case. if you can actually go replace the MEhost to Twilight client and start a new thread on us about not properly screening staff if thats what you wanted to. i dont mind dealing with a case on my staff but i do mind if mehost is being blamed on something completely unrelated
Deleted User - Next thing os ryan why twist tgestory to make it look worse then it is i never "offered"a staff position plus it was you who requested it and i only said i could give you a reccomendation since ik you
Deleted User - Ryan yes i didnt tell you about the good staff member thing but i never offered you a spot merely a reccomendation
Deleted User - Ryan number 1 for the job im doing if you say that i suck at doing my job without even knowing what host i work in your clearly retarded but ofc the higher officials on mehost would beg to differ considering that to them their reputation is more important
Deleted User - Ryan and yes you have severe memory loss end of topic.
Deleted User - Ryan plus you have NO right to judge how out  compamy operates
eraters - Zachery we actually do so fuck off
Deleted User - Eraters what makes you think a bunch of kids trying to act as the court judge hosts and tell them what to do
comfyy - Ryan because Zach has (or had) a high position in your staff team, idk about u guys but am careful before i hire someone that clearly suck at doing his job.

Only had admin, he just lied to you he had a high power

Ryan if you want to make ur host better get better staff, and don't hire brain-dead kids.

We're promoting and demoting staff.  Ionetty and Dchu will do the needful ASAP.

Thanks and Regards,
comfyy.
Deleted User - comfyy dchu said dont intefere
EclipseClient - Zachery Yea i did of my friend who are u to say that cause if my friend is ok with it ur no one to say
Deleted User - kid who even let you in here
Deleted User - EclipseClient no matter even if your friend said ok you broke discord tos by distributing a token logger
EclipseClient - Zachery Yes i Admit That But YOu Said There is Token Grabber On The Client And token 100s of tokens, ips and i sell em and i ddos attack 3 members!? seriously i even didnt knew what ddos i just asked in the group and u said it just jam tv and internet for a week!? right? and thing about getting 100s of token only 5-7 peoples use my client so it simply means u are faking here And The Thing about selling ip i dont even know what ip does and i didnt even knew that we can sell ips
Deleted User - @RusJS he begs to differ
Deleted User - EclipseClient there were 200+ downloads at time of release
EclipseClient - Zachery Lol In the website u just spammed the download buttons and Eugene Told That if we press the download buttons 5 times it will add +5 Downloads 
and and and Eugene told me that u spammed download buttons on the website so ur faking it again
Deleted User - EclipseClient nope we didnt click more then 10
EclipseClient - Zachery but i spammed the download buttons like 50 times Lol and seth spammed then Eugene Spammed The Download button too idk about eugene but seth spammed the download button and when i last time checked the web it was like 140-150 downloads and u said it was 200 and the day it was released and it means u are faking it again
EclipseClient - Zachery Nope It Was Near 100 and it was near 150 when last time i checked ur faking it again
Deleted User - EclipseClient backup your statement with proof kid
EclipseClient - Zachery U Toke down the web and acted that namecheap toke it down and and and u dont have proof i ddos attacked and got 100s of ip and tokens
Deleted User - EclipseClient Provethat i took it down an that name cheap did not take it down
EclipseClient - Zachery Prove that i ddos attacked 3 members and sold the ip and tokens
EclipseClient - Zachery I Agree that I Token Grabb But Dont Take it To the Client It Doesnt Contains any type of logger
EclipseClient - EclipseClient Only of my friends account
i token grabb
Deleted User - Even if they are your friends you violated privacy and discord tos
EclipseClient - Zachery I AGREE THAT BUT DONT TAKE IT TO THE CLIENT IT DOESNT CONTAINS ANY TYPE OF LOGGER SRY FOR CAP lol
EclipseClient - Zachery 

Zachery I can Report You Too You Deleted My First Discord Account And You Hacked It With a Scam Link
Deleted User - EclipseClient nope no proof
Deleted User - EclipseClient you had hidden it in the client so i take it to the client
EclipseClient - Zachery Lmao I Havent Hide Anything Seth Learned Java From Book Not From the Hacking Website
EclipseClient - Zachery You Dont Have proof That i sold 100s of tokens ip and i ddos attacked 3 members can u mention who i ddos attacked!? Lol U Are Faking again show proof
SethFernando - lmfao what a faker. wdym hacked. i dont even know what ddos stands for i just know its dangerous lmfao. and what am i gonna do with an ip adress. come to their house and give them a lolipop
dchu096 - SethFernando A IP address exposes a user's privacy. They know where you live they know what internet provider you use and if they try to scrape it they might even know your phone number. A ddos attacks takes up a lot of bandwith and they can overload your server with a loads of charge you need to pay (if you are on a pay on go) plan or your provider can get your internet suspended because of overtaking bandwith. If you try to ip log someone you know irl thats reasonable you can walk out your house and find him/her but if its over the internet i would say be careful you never know what he can do.
Robert - I have renamed this thread due to it being about Twilight client, not MEhost.
Loser - lol
