Two - First of all, Jerome. What the fuck.

Grinding posts? (mostly in a day, he made those threads) This isn't what this site is for. drama.gg is to both expose hosts, and teach other hosts how to run it properly. You should've contacted the hosting provider owners first, before you made all those threads.

Second of all, a ton of the threads you made were invalid. There may have been valid ones, but you didn't even contact the host owner first, before doing it. Hoaxing a closed hosting provider is kinda stupid.

Third of all, FUCKING FIX YOUR OWN STUFF/HOSTS FIRST. you fucking hypocrite.

Stop wasting your time here. You aren't helping this community in any way. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-11/1631388487-9670-image.png
Two - Petition to ban Jerome from drama.gg.
Tomas - lol
BlackCat -  - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-11/1631389873-71569-image.png
Jamie_ - He attacked my company and became a self appointed law expert because he was butthurt I called him out for using cracked cpanel lmao
BrendansAtWork - Jamie_ When he said we weren't msft and google partners but didn't do the slightest bit of research and I called him out w my fucking MPN ID and Google partner link lmao
IoNetty - I agree, jerome should be banned. This shit is getting annoying. There turning drama.gg into shitpost.gg at this point.
Jamie_ - IoNetty Banned and all his posts deleted. Suits me.
Tomas - eeks
Two - watch jerome see this post and start shitting on all of us even more
bandit - +1 kid wakes up looks up hosting and checks the sites for tos/pp and validity of software licenses all day every day lmao
Trxppy - ur one of dem shit posters
Jerome - BlackCat Read the keyword, "solely"

BrendansAtWork let me find that self-advertising post....Hmm got deleted.

Jamie_ became a self appointed law expert

Pretty sure I didn't self appointed, it's just you who called me "law expert". 

Jamie_ Banned and all his posts deleted. Suits me.

Hah, of course it suits you. Because one of the post exposed the stupidness of working at colournodes.com . colournodes.com use the word "SLA" without even knowing what is it and falsely claim it on multiple sites. The fun part is their solution to the problem. They decided to remove SLA keyword from their posts instead of adding a SLA document. 
https://drama.gg/d/881-colournodescom-fake-promising-uptime-guarantee-no-sla

Anyway children from colournodes.com, I am still waiting for your lawyer letter.

IoNetty I am sure you should be banned from my server for trying to zip bomb the server

bandit Everyday? I hope so. There should be 100+ posts by today then.

Two Thanks for wasting your time writing this post - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-12/1631421910-728234-image-2021-09-12-124509.png
Jamie_ - Jerome They decided to remove SLA keyword from their posts instead of adding a SLA document.

We removed them for review. What is the issue with that. Does anyone else see an issue with that?
Jamie_ - Jerome Thanks for wasting your time writing this post

He didn't waste any time writing this post, it is the post people have been wanting and waiting for.
Jamie_ - Jerome Pretty sure I didn't self appointed, it's just you who called me "law expert".

Well one day you thought it was absoloutly fine to crack cPanel, the next you suddenly point everyone out on their mistakes
Jamie_ - I even came to your host asking about it to see if it was miss licensed, instead you just banned me straight up. If you had come to ANY of these other hosts including mine just asking the thing you had an issue with, you wouldn't be here today. You have pissed many people off, even people you haven't made shitposts about. Grow up.
Jerome - Jamie_ Told you many times it's old cPanel which my customer doesn't use anymore and you didn't pay straight up wanting the paid customer link to cPanel, DDoSer or something?

Jamie_ For review? the SLA doesn't existed at all lmao, instead of saying remove them for review, say "We remove them because we don't have one and all this time we have been lying to you 🙂".

Jamie_ Look further kid, there are more shitposts ahead.

and still waiting for the lawyer letter for the lawsuit.
Jamie_ - Jerome Told you many times it's old cPanel which my customer doesn't use anymore

My guy, lemme throw your own retardedness back in your own face, "“iT iS sTiLl aN aCtIvE wEbSiTe"
Doeke - Lol Jerome tried to falsely call out my company for using a nulled cPanel. He was immediately proven wrong on drama.gg

ironic considering he himself was using a nulled cPanel, and has a grabify link linked up with a part of his site
Jamie_ - Jerome For review?

Yes, so we can review the situation at hand and apply a fix. That could be adding an SLA document or just removing the SLA claims.
Jamie_ - Jerome and still waiting for the lawyer letter for the lawsuit

Are you planning to sue us because we called you out or some shit? 🤣🤣🤣
Two - Jerome Thanks for wasting your time writing this post

np, seems like a ton of people hate you here 😉
Jamie_ - Jerome Told you many times it's old cPanel which my customer doesn't use anymore

Wow wow wow wait a minute, when I checked the license for your cPanel, there was no history at all so it had never been paid for. That means you did install it cracked. Wanna explain that?
BrendansAtWork - Jerome Ayo you just dodged what I said you did in fact do no research or bother to look up if we were a Microsoft Partner and assumed I was lying
Jamie_ - Gone quiet @Jerome? Funny that. Not Mr Big Balls anymore are we?
Jamie_ - "since you couldn't wait for other host for their ToS and create a post for it." - Jerome in another post.

 - Also Jerome in a discord discussing a post he made for an unfinished tos. Absolute baboon. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-09-18/1631976513-841220-fd67defb-6cc8-4c9f-864b-b4728270ede2.jpg
Iceey - Why the fuck is a "Microsoft Partner" out here bullying little unemployed preteens on a scam prevention forum 😂
Two - Love the fact Jerome doesn't post that much anymore and he has mainly been lurking. He was looking at drama.gg around 6 hours ago  when this post has been made.

(won't tell how I got this info hehe... other people might know how but don't say it... its really easy and i dont want skids to use on other people, dm me on discord if you want to know how I know Jerome is lurking, but I'm not gonna tell it to just anyone)
Jerome - Jamie_ "“iT iS sTiLl aN aCtIvE wEbSiTe"

Pretty sure it will still active now since the server provider still running his business well with nulled cPanel..

Jamie_ That could be adding an SLA document or just removing the SLA claims

It has been over a month, is it up yet?

Jamie_ Are you planning to sue us because we called you out or some shit?

Nah, you know what I meant. I was meant for this incident ( https://drama.gg/d/909-abdullah0001-ddoser-threatening-to-dox-lots-of-downtime-on-company/ ). Seems like it's invalid, probably it will be a big loss for you.

Jamie_ That means you did install it cracked. Wanna explain that?

It's from a server provider, we have no control over the server, it's a reseller plan.

Jamie_ Also Jerome in a discord discussing a post he made for an unfinished tos. Absolute baboon.

You need to understand the different between them, your claim is about their ToS is unreleased and they are writing the ToS, you keep pushing them to release the ToS and end up they get annoyed by you. My claim is about their ToS is released but it's invalid, more like a fake ToS.

Jamie_ Gone quiet @Jerome?

Indeed, things are getting busier than before, things for me to do are getting more. By the time of being silent, I also waiting for you SLA and lawsuit to Abdullah (although it seems invalid now). Watching how Dashactyl's staff destroying other people VPS at support channel, the staff didn't get demoted and blame over the user fault for taking the advice given by staff seriously. Sometimes I am impress by your management skill, wonder is colournodes.com is also a mess.

Anyways, I heard you tested positive, didn't wanna laugh at you but take care. I will go back to the topic and sum things up.
Deleted User - Jerome finally jerome responds
Jerome - Two I believe drama.gg has the right to delete/lock the threads if it's invalid or unsuitable, if you feel my post is unsuitable for drama.gg, feel free to reach out mods or admin, they will take action on it. 

Lately, seems like you love to do so too! - https://i.file.glass/ennuyHwxDm.png
Jamie_ - Jerome It has been over a month, is it up yet?

Wow you are sad.

Jerome Nah, you know what I meant. I was meant for this incident

You are gonna sue me because I was DDoSed?

Jerome It's from a server provider, we have no control over the server, it's a reseller plan.

But you must have known that it wasn't legit because you used it for so long.

Jerome You need to understand the different between them, your claim is about their ToS is unreleased and they are writing the ToS, you keep pushing them to release the ToS and end up they get annoyed by you. My claim is about their ToS is released but it's invalid, more like a fake ToS.

That is not how you worded it at all. I said "their TOS is not completed" in my post and you literally said word for word in that discord message that it wasn't complete. You baboon.

Jerome I also waiting for you SLA and lawsuit to Abdullah

Since when was I gonna sue abdullah, you said you would 🤣🤣
Jerome - Jamie_ You are gonna sue me because I was DDoSed?

Jamie_ Since when was I gonna sue abdullah, you said you would


Nah, I just impress how you respond to DDoSer in order to protect your company. It turns out colournodes.com secretly is a DDOS sandbox

Jamie_ But you must have known that it wasn't legit because you used it for so long.

Yea, we have switched to another provider aren't we? You ask me for the new link to paid server but you aren't a paid client. Why should I give you in the first place?

Jamie_ That is not how you worded it at all. I said "their TOS is not completed" in my post and you literally said word for word in that discord message that it wasn't complete.

Yea, I thought you will have some common sense but turn out I need to explain it all. Anyways, VerdisHost has shut down and I think there are no point arguing that.
Jamie_ - Jerome Nah, I just impress how you respond to DDoSer in order to protect your company. It turns out colournodes.com secretly is a DDOS sandbox

Where in the flying fuck did you get that from!? Your responses get funnier and funnier my guy. The way we handled a DDoSer, was by calling them out like any normal company would, and in the process fixing our services for our clients. We have had no other attack since this and our services have been operating fine.

Jerome You ask me for the new link to paid server but you aren't a paid client.

When did I ever ask for that?

Jerome Yea, I thought you will have some common sense but turn out I need to explain it all. Anyways, VerdisHost has shut down and I think there are no point arguing that.

You went against your own words then still have the gut to come here saying that you are always right... Nice.
Jerome - Jamie_ When did I ever ask for that?



Jamie_ Where in the flying fuck did you get that from!? Your responses get funnier and funnier my guy. The way we handled a DDoSer, was by calling them out like any normal company would, and in the process fixing our services for our clients. We have had no other attack since this and our services have been operating fine.

Yea, calling out doesn't mean anything. They can just attack without notifying you who they are, no impact on them. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-11/1628641343-324494-image.png
Jerome - Jamie_ The way we handled a DDoSer, was by calling them out like any normal company would

Don't shame other company please https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2021-07-22-ubisoft-wins-lawsuit-against-ddos-attack-operation
Jamie_ - Jerome 

Where do I ask for it...

Jerome Yea, calling out doesn't mean anything. They can just attack without notifying you who they are, no impact on them.

It means a lot, expecially when they have their own host and other people have seen it aswell.

Jerome Don't shame other company please https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2021-07-22-ubisoft-wins-lawsuit-against-ddos-attack-operation

Huh? What are you on about? How does that link have any relevance? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-08-11/1628641343-324494-image.png
Jerome - Jamie_ Where do I ask for it...

This guy then went on to say that the cpanel URL will only be given to paid customers... Like that won't be leaked withing the first 5 minutes. 

Jamie_ How does that link have any relevance?

This is how other company deal with DDOS, not crying at it.
Jamie_ - Jerome I genuinely think you are you have special needs. I just said that it would be leaked as it is inevitable and you think thats me asking for it. Nice. 

Jerome This is how other company deal with DDOS, not crying at it.

Let me ask, when did I cry about it? You are running out of things to say mate.
Jerome - Jamie_ Let me ask, when did I cry about it?

You made a whole thread crying about it and how it affect your company uptime lmao. https://drama.gg/d/909-abdullah0001-ddoser-threatening-to-dox-lots-of-downtime-on-company/
Jamie_ - Jerome You made a whole thread crying about it and how it affect your company uptime lmao. https://drama.gg/d/909-abdullah0001-ddoser-threatening-to-dox-lots-of-downtime-on-company/

You alright my guy? That is a thread calling someone out for being a ddoser. What is wrong with that?
Jerome - Jamie_ - https://i.file.glass/FDxtaWIQ02.png
SnailDOS - Jerome hey jerome, are we still friends?
Jamie_ - Jerome That isn't crying... thats telling someone not to dos your website? didn't know that was so bad now. Also how do you like this? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-20/1634737862-52404-unknown.png
Jerome - Jamie_ You alright my guy?

That question should be answer by you, how it affect your company during the DDoS and the action you taken on him is so immature, there won't be any fines or lawsuits to the DDoSer, therefore it's a perfect sandbox environment ig?
Jamie_ - Jerome and the action you taken on him is so immature

Mr Jerome has spoken his wise words again. Calling out a ddoser is now immature.
Jerome - Jamie_ Calling out a ddoser is now immature.

Is there any lawsuit to the DDoSer? No. Any loss to the DDoSer? No. Tell me how this is not the perfect DDOS sandbox environment
Jamie_ - Jerome Nope. Don't have time for that and what will that achieve? It was sorted and now we have protection in place to stop it.
Jamie_ - Jerome - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-20/1634738090-79959-image.png
Jamie_ - Jerome - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-20/1634738111-36858-image.png
Jerome - Jamie_ It was sorted and now we have protection in place to stop it.


So it's a perfect DDOS sandbox now?
Jamie_ - Jerome So it's a perfect DDOS sandbox now? - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-20/1634738211-704307-nick-young-confused-face-300x256-nqlyaa.jpg
Jerome - I don't see any legal action taken on DDoSer so it can be a perfect DDOS environment
Jamie_ - I mean go ahead, ddos my company, just shows how fucking sad you are 😂
Jerome - Jamie_ I mean go ahead, ddos my company, just shows how fucking sad you are

Did I mention I will DDOS? No. It just a references that it's a perfect DDOS environment.
Jamie_ - Jerome But you are the one who is so insistent of it. Making everyone here think thats your intention?
Jerome - Jamie_ Making everyone here think thats your intention?

No? I just impress by the action you taken to DDOSer
Jamie_ - Jerome No? I just impress by the action you taken to DDOSer

I am gonna pretend that made sense. I am ending this here to give you an oportunity to go outside and touch some grass. I don't have the energy to carry on. I am sure someone else out of the hundreds that hate you and see this thread will tell you what an idiot you are.
Jerome - Jamie_ By the way, thanks for clarifying that it's a DDOS sandbox environment. Next time people read this thread can attack your company without getting lawsuits.
Jamie_ - Jerome - https://c.tenor.com/lrv8PLSrRocAAAAd/ok-meme.gif
astyx - lmao I would classify this as a meme any day
Jerome - astyx Thanks!
Jerome - Jamie_ I am sure someone else out of the hundreds that hate you and see this thread will tell you what an idiot you are.

Let's begin under this line like I care.
Jamie_ - Jerome - https://c.tenor.com/lrv8PLSrRocAAAAd/ok-meme.gif
Two - Jerome i have no idea what you are talking about- please be more specific. also, i spent few hours on that thread unlike yours which probably took no effort kthx. i have no life.

also, all your messages are invalid. please stop trying. don't waste your time here. don't be that person who likes to start drama. i never started any drama here (yet) so- (if you count making this thread as making drama, no it isn't. I'm just pointing out you are causing "unnecessary drama" here, and you should stop.)

Jerome if you don't care, why are you still trying to fight with jamie-

i don't even give a shit about you- you are just being a bit (a lot) annoying here that's all...

I'm assuming you got bored or remembered this and started arguing here again... because there is no point of you trying to still argue and think you are making valid points when you aren't according to everyone else but you. (not literal)

... also jamie, stop arguing with this kid. he wants to continue drama because he has no life like every one of us here /j.
Two - ALSO JEROME, STOP BRINGING ARGUMENTS TO OTHER THREADS.
Jerome - @Two : i don't even give a shit about you- you are just being a bit (a lot) annoying here that's all...
Also @Two : create this thread
Also @Two wanted to know more 

Two i have no idea what you are talking about- please be more specific.


Two I'm assuming you got bored or remembered this and started arguing here again... because there is no point of you trying to still argue and think you are making valid points when you aren't according to everyone else but you. (not literal)

... also jamie, stop arguing with this kid. he wants to continue drama because he has no life like every one of us here /j.

Nah, unlike Dashactyl's staff. I am not that bored to nuke people's VPS to have some fun. I heard that @Jamie_ has been lying on bed for a week. If I don't act now, how is she able to reply if she died in the coma? Anyways, thank you @Jamie_ for your reply.
astyx - Jerome you misunderstood. 🤡
Jamie_ - Jerome If I don't act now, how is she able to reply if she died in the coma? Anyways, thank you @Jamie_ for your reply.

Huh? Since when was I a woman and gonna die in a coma!? And since when did I reply? Are you high mr jerome?
Jerome - Jamie_ Since when was I a woman and gonna die in a coma!?

Uh....isn't Jamie a girl name? I mean covid.

Jamie_ And since when did I reply?

You're doing it rn.

Jamie_ Are you high mr jerome?

Probably
Jamie_ - Jerome You're doing it rn. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-22/1634909301-626152-image.png
Jamie_ - Jerome Uh....isn't Jamie a girl name? I mean covid.

No it is a boy name too, and wtf you on about covid?
ShinyPlasm - Two what the fuck are you on m8?? this community is called drama.gg for a reason. it welcomes drama with open arms

"unnecessary drama in drama.gg" smh
Jamie_ - Jerome at this point you are just shit posting on this forum, you have nothing good to say and you have now a massive name for yourself. Just go back to being busy and don't post here as it was better for everyone including yourself.
Jamie_ - ShinyPlasm it welcomes drama with open arms

Agreed, however not 10+ fucking post from the same shithead in one hour. He pissed a lot of people off that day sparking this thread.
ShinyPlasm - Oh damn, i just read the entire thread instead of the title
Hypocrite and a bit of a dickhead, I mean this is drama.gg /shrug
shitposting is a thing here
Jerome - Jamie_ wtf you on about covid?



Jamie_ Jerome at this point you are just shit posting on this forum, you have nothing good to say and you have now a massive name for yourself.

Yea I know, do I seems like I care? Ngl, you are shitposting too since you already know I doesn't care. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-23/1634980599-212502-capture.png
Jamie_ - Jerome 

Well done Jerome. You have gained the ability to read. Still doesn't tell me what you meant by "I mean covid."? 

Jerome Yea I know, do I seems like I care? Ngl, you are shitposting too since you already know I doesn't care.

So you are admitting to shitpostig on the forum? Which the mods can ban you for? Mods do your work please, everyone would adore this guy banned. - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-23/1634980599-212502-capture.png
Jerome - Jamie_ Still doesn't tell me what you meant by "I mean covid."?

You have been dying on bed for one week, what could that be?

Jamie_ So you are admitting to shitpostig on the forum? Which the mods can ban you for?

Delete button exists for a reason.

Jamie_ Just go back to being busy and don't post here as it was better for everyone including yourself.

Isn't you want me here in the first place? Now crying over bad decision?
Two - Jerome wanted to know more

you make no sense.

Jerome i don't even give a shit about you- you are just being a bit (a lot) annoying here that's all...

cough you are being the annoying one to literally everyone else. it's a ton of people against one (aka you). 

Jerome Nah, unlike Dashactyl's staff. I am not that bored to nuke people's VPS to have some fun. I heard that @Jamie has been lying on bed for a week. If I don't act now, how is she able to reply if she died in the coma? Anyways, thank you @Jamie for your reply.

you know how offensive this is right?

literally telling you again... don't use drama.gg. skids like you don't belong. you only bring useless drama here.
Toki0179 - lol - https://drama.gg/assets/files/2021-10-26/1635280948-572970-image.png
Jerome - Toki0179 Not sure if you're blind, read 13st post
Two - ShinyPlasm what the fuck are you on m8?? this community is called drama.gg for a reason. it welcomes drama with open arms

"unnecessary drama in drama.gg" smh

according to what this drama.gg, well "winterhoax", was originally supposed to be, I'm pretty sure they wanted to "stop drama", but then they decided to rebrand to drama.gg. 

besides, i only want to help people resolve their issues, but some people just wont stop, because that's who they are.
Two - Jerome @Two : i don't even give a shit about you- you are just being a bit (a lot) annoying here that's all...
Also @Two : create this thread
Also @Two wanted to know more

ive been put a gun to my head to do so i never wanted to know more. you are just annoying, and I'm just constantly telling you to stop.

Jerome Nah, unlike Dashactyl's staff. I am not that bored to nuke people's VPS to have some fun. I heard that @Jamie has been lying on bed for a week. If I don't act now, how is she able to reply if she died in the coma? Anyways, thank you @Jamie for your reply.

I'm not even staff in Dashactyl anymore. I've told staff to stop nuking VPSes when I was staff, then gave Jamie owner. I don't control the server anymore. Also, cool you hate people. That's a normal human thing, but you should learn how to stop being a bitch sometimes.
Shershah - Two bitch

He is kid so dogge?
